level 1	level 2	level 3
Prince Charles is the eldest son of Queen Elizabeth II. He is 71 years old. He is the future King of the UK. Prince Charles is ill. He has the coronavirus. His illness is not very strong. He does not have other health problems. His wife, Camilla, is healthy. Charles and Camilla are in Scotland now. They stay in quarantine . It is not clear when Charles becomes ill. He meets a lot of people. In the UK, there are 11,600 cases of coronavirus. Almost 600 people die. It is not safe for the Queen to stay in London. The Queen is 93 years old. She is healthy. However, she leaves London. She stays at Windsor Castle. It is 19 miles from London.	Doctors diagnosed Prince Charles with the coronavirus. He has mild symptoms and apart from the coronavirus he is in good health. It is not clear when he became ill because he has attended many public events recently. Charles is 71 years old, and he is Queen Elizabeth II´s eldest son. He is the first in line to the British throne. His wife, Camilla, tested negative for the coronavirus, and the couple left for Scotland where they stay indoors, and they do not meet other people. In the UK, the coronavirus is spreading fast. The Queen, who last met with her son in the middle of March, moved out of London. The 93-year-old queen is healthy, and she is staying at Windsor Castle currently.	Prince Charles has been diagnosed with the coronavirus. Charles, who is 71 years old, is Queen Elizabeth II´s eldest son, and he is first in line to the British throne. A spokesperson for Buckingham Palace said that Charles has mild symptoms, and otherwise remains in good health. It is not clear when exactly Charles contracted the virus because he has carried out many public engagements recently. Charles´s wife, Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, tested negative for the coronavirus, and the couple is currently self-isolating in Scotland. The Queen is still healthy and has not seen her son since the middle of March. She temporarily moved to Windsor Castle outside of London while the coronavirus outbreak continues to spread.
A man from California has the longest tongue in the world. It measures 10.13 centimetres. That is almost four inches! His tongue can be useful . He can eat ice cream easily. When he meets someone new, they always want to see his tongue. He sticks his tounge out. This can be a little strange . The man says long tongues run in his family. His younger brother has a long tongue, too.	A man in California set the new record for the longest tongue in the world. His tongue measures 10.13 centimetres which is just under 4 inches. He says that it has its pros – licking lollipops and eating ice cream is easy. However, strangers find it a bit bizarre . When people introduce him to somebody new, the other person always says that the man has the longest tongue in the world. Everyone, of course, wants to see it. This can leave a strange impression . The man says that long tongues run in his family. His younger brother has a very long tongue, too.	Californian Nick Stoeberl can officially say that he has the longest tongue in the world, as his tongue is 10.13 centimetres long. He beat the former world record holder Stephen Taylor from the UK. Nick says that his tongue is useful for conventional activities such as licking lollipops, eating ice cream or getting pudding from the bottom of a cup. However, strangers find his tongue bizarre . He says that when he meets someone new, he is introduced as having the longest tongue in the world, so he feels like he has to stick it out at them. That leaves the strangers with a weird impression . Nick’s extraordinarily long tongue is one the most unusual new records to have made it into the 60th anniversary edition of the Guinness Book of World Records.
This news is about weather. The weather in Italy changes. It changes very quickly. It causes a hailstorm . Hailstones fall from the sky. They are five centimetres big. They are as big as ping-pong balls. The hailstones hit windows. The windows break. They hit some people and animals, too. Someone films the situation. A person films one video at sea. This person films close to Naples.	It looked like something out of a disaster movie. Hailstones the size of ping-pong balls pummelled Italy. A person filmed one video at sea around Naples. The hailstones broke windows, roofs and car windshields. They injured some people and animals, too. A sudden change of the jet stream caused the hailstorm. The jet stream is a very strong wind which is high above the ground.	It looks like something out of a world-ending disaster movie, but this was the scene on the water around Naples in Italy on Saturday as the area was pummelled by hailstones the size of ping-pong balls. The hailstones, which were well over five centimetres in diameter, came hurtling out of the sky, smashing windows, roof tiles and car windshields, as well as leaving several people and animals injured. According to meteorologists for weather.com, the storm was brought on by a vigorous southward plunge of a jet stream  carved  into Western Europe, sending a potent upper disturbance to the Italian peninsula on Saturday. That instability then charged up thunderstorms over the Mediterranean Sea which swept into Italy and caused the hailstones.
Parkour is a new sport. People also call it freerunning. Sebastian Foucan is the founder of the sport. You can see him in “Casino Royale”. It is a James Bond film. Parkour is running, jumping and climbing . It can look dangerous, but Foucan says that it is like other sports. He says that it is like rugby, wrestling or surfing. If you do not do it right, you can get hurt . The UK makes parkour an official sport. It is the first country to do this. People can teach official sports in schools.	Parkour is a new sport. It is also known as freerunning. Sebastian Foucan founded this sport. You can see his skills in the James Bond movie “Casino Royale”. Parkour is running, jumping over obstacles , or climbing over buildings and walls. It looks dangerous at times, but Foucan says that it is as safe as any sport. He compares it to rugby, wrestling, surfing or climbing – if you do not do the sport right, you can get hurt. Parkour is now an official sport in the UK. The UK is the first country in the world to recognise it. This means that people can teach parkour in schools.	Parkour, also known as freerunning, is a relatively new sport founded by Sebastian Foucan, who showed off his skills in the James Bond movie “Casino Royale”. Parkour is running, jumping over obstacles , or climbing over buildings and walls. It is daring , breathtaking and at times terrifying, and now it is also an official sport in the UK, making the UK the first country in the world to recognise it. This means that people can teach parkour in schools. Some people are worried about the sport being too dangerous, but the founder says that it is as safe as any sport, comparing to rugby, wrestling, surfing or climbing – if you do not do it in the right way, you can get hurt.
Asthma is a medical problem. It makes it hard for you to breathe . You have it all your life. Doctors cannot stop it. Scientists study traffic pollution and asthma. They find out that traffic pollution connects to asthma in children. Scientists learn this from 194 countries and 125 big cities. The study shows where most pollution is. People say that we need to make changes. We can change the rules for pollution. We can have cleaner transportation.	Asthma is a medical condition where you can have difficulty breathing. It is lifelong and doctors cannot stop it. A study says that traffic pollution is connecting to 4 million new cases of asthma in children every year. Scientists studied this in 194 countries and 125 large cities. Other studies also said this, but this study’s author says that this study is comprehensive . It tells where the most polluted areas in the world are. Some people think that we need to make new rules for pollution. We should also have cleaner transportation.	Asthma is a serious medical condition because it is lifelong; there is no cure. A study says that pollution from traffic connects to 4 million new cases of asthma in children each year. Researchers studied the pollution and how it affects children’s health in 194 countries and 125 large cities. This is not the first study to make this claim, but the study’s main author says that it gives a comprehensive idea of the problem. She says that it tells where pollution ‘hot spots’ are. Some people think that worldwide rules for pollution need to change. Another idea is to make it easier to have cleaner transportation. The author also said that there are other pollutants in the world causing diseases, such as lung cancer, strokes, heart disease, and developmental issues.
This story begins in India. A man wants to marry a girl. He is 32. She is 15. She says no. Ten months later, the man finds her. He pushes her to the floor. He puts acid on her. This is very bad for her. The acid badly injures her. She does not go out for four years. When she does, the girl feels bad. She feels like a victim . She does not want to feel like a victim. She wants to feel like a fighter. She knows that she must change things. She starts a charity. This charity helps women like her. Now, she is also feeling better. People are nicer to her, too.	Eleven years ago, a man proposed to a 15-year-old girl. She said no. Ten months later, he found her in her home town of Delhi. He pushed her to the floor and poured acid on her. It took the girl four years to be brave enough to go out in public. When she did, she did not want to feel like a victim . She wanted to feel like a fighter. She knew she needed to change how she looked at herself and how people looked at her. If she did not do something about it, nobody would. She started a charity to help acid attack victims. She says that people are more accepting , and that people like her feel less like victims and more like normal people.	Eleven years ago, then just 15-year-old Laxmi, had a proposal by her friend’s 32-year-old brother. She told him no. Ten months later, he found her at a famous market in her hometown of Delhi, pushed her to the floor and poured acid on her. It took Laxmi four years to be brave enough to go out in public, but when she did she said that she realised she didn’t want to feel like a victim. She wanted to feel like a fighter. She said that she needed to change the way that she perceived herself and how others perceived her, and that if she did not do something about it, nobody would. She founded a charity to support acid attack victims and that brought her to the UK to an event raising money to support vulnerable women. Laxmi was joined by a woman from England whose ex-boyfriend also attacked her with acid. The UK has seen the number of acid attacks taking place double in 10 years. Laxmi says that mind  shifts are happening and people are more accepting and that people like her feel less like victims and more like normal people.
A lorry drives into a department store in the centre of Stockholm. A t least two people die. Police look for the attacker. They send people away from the city centre and the main central station. The government wants to find out more. It also tells the public to be careful and to listen to the police. The attack comes after other terrorist attacks in France, Germany and the United Kingdom.	A lorry drove into a department store in the centre of Stockholm.  According to the police, there are at least two dead in this awful terrorist attack. Police evacuated the city centre and the main central station. They did not arrest anyone yet, but they are working on it. The Swedish Prime Minister said that the government is doing everything in its power to find out what happened. He also recommended that the public be careful and listen to police broadcasts . The attack came after other terrorist incidents in France, Germany and the United Kingdom.	A lorry drove into a department store in the centre of Stockholm. Someone hijacked the lorry before the attack. According to the police, there are at least two dead in this awful terrorist attack. Police evacuated the city centre and main central station. They have not arrested anyone yet, but they are working on it. The Swedish Prime Minister said that the government is doing everything in its power to find out what happened. He also advised the public to be careful and to listen to police broadcasts . The attack came after other terrorist incidents in France, Germany and the United Kingdom.
This news is about a backpack . It is a special type of a backpack. It has a little chair inside it. You can sit on the chair when you are tired. The backpack is called BAGOBAGO. It can hold a 130 kilogram person. It has 22 litres of storage . It is also waterproof .   The backpack is made in the Czech Republic. Many Czech people already use it. Now, people from other countries can buy it. If you like the backpack, you can tell your friends about it. You can send them this article!  The BAGOBAGO website is in 8 different languages. English – http://bagobago.com Russian – http://bagobago.ru French – http://bagobago.fr Spanish – http://es.bagobago.com Hungarian – http://bagobago.hu Italian – http://bagobago.it Czech – http://bagobago.cz Slovak –  http://bagobago.sk  	Do you ever get that feeling when your legs are tired but there is nothing to sit on? Well, with BAGOBAGO, you can sit anywhere! BAGOBAGO is a backpack with a built-in stool . It can hold a person who weighs up to 130 kilograms. The backpack features 22 litres of storage space and is waterproof as well.   In the Czech Republic, there are already thousands of people who use the backpack for waiting in lines, sitting at concerts and festivals, going on trips and being at work. The family who makes the backpack is now trying to make BAGOBAGO famous to the whole world. You can help the family by sharing this article or the video with your friends. Also, if you know a person who sells backpacks in your country, tell him or her about BAGOBAGO!  You can check out the BAGOBAGO website in these languages: English – http://bagobago.com Russian – http://bagobago.ru French – http://bagobago.fr Spanish – http://es.bagobago.com Hungarian – http://bagobago.hu Italian – http://bagobago.it Czech – http://bagobago.cz Slovak – http://bagobago.sk 	Can you recall the feeling when your legs are tired but there is nowhere to sit? What if you could simply sit down on your backpack? A father and his sons from the Czech Republic designed and patented a new backpack with an elegantly built-in stool that can help you relax wherever you are. With its modern design, it sits a person weighing up to 130 kg, features 22-litre storage and it is waterproof. The backpack is called BAGOBAGO.   In the Czech Republic, there are already thousands of people using the backpack for waiting in lines, sitting at concerts and festivals, going on trips and being at work. Now, the family is trying to make BAGOBAGO famous to the whole world.  Help the family by sharing this article or the video with your friends. Also, if you know someone who sells backpacks in your country, do not hesitate to let him or her know about BAGOBAGO.  The BAGOBAGO website is available in several languages listed below: English – http://bagobago.com Russian – http://bagobago.ru French – http://bagobago.fr Spanish – http://es.bagobago.com Hungarian – http://bagobago.hu Italian – http://bagobago.it Czech – http://bagobago.cz Slovak –  http://bagobago.sk  
In Italy, there is a city called Venice. It lies on many small islands. There are many canals and bridges. It can be dangerous when the sea level goes up. Last week, the water level rises very much. It damages many houses and shops. It is the highest water level in the last fifty years. On Sunday, more water comes and floods houses, restaurants and hotels again. Officials say that there is an emergency situation. They close the famous St. Mark´s Square. This situation does not stop some tourists. and they decide to tour the city. The mayor of Venice says that the damage is hundreds of millions of dollars.	Last week, the highest tide waters in a half century hit the Italian city of Venice. Water levels reached more than six feet, and they damaged many houses, shops, restaurants and hotels. On Sunday, water levels rose again to nearly five feet, and they flooded already wet shops and businesses. Officials declared  a state of emergency and closed the famous St. Mark´s Square. However, some tourists decided to tour the city in rubber boots and plastic garbage bags. The mayor of Venice said that the damage is hundreds of millions of dollars.	Last week, the Italian city of Venice was hit by the highest tide waters in a half century.  Water levels peaked at just over six feet and caused a lot of damage to homes and businesses. On Sunday, water levels peaked again at nearly five feet, and they flooded already soaked shops, restaurants and hotels. The famous St. Mark´s Square was closed due to the rising waters. However, they did not stop some tourists from exploring the streets in rubber boots and plastic garbage bags. Officials declared a state of emergency in the area, and the mayor of Venice said that the floods caused damage worth hundreds of millions of dollars.
A supermarket chain drops the price of a popular food. The food is called Nutella. It is a chocolate spread. Nutella gets 70% cheaper. A jar of it goes from 4.50 Euros to 1.41 Euros. This makes some French people nuts . They fight in the stores . Police have to come stop them.	A supermarket chain dropped the price of Nutella by 70%. A 950-gramme jar’s price dropped from 4.50 Euros to 1.41 Euros. Nutella is a popular chocolate spread and the drop in price made some French people nuts . Police had to come break up fights over the product in supermarkets. The maker of Nutella said that it was the supermarket chain that decided to drop the price.	The supermarket chain called Intermarche dropped the price of Nutella by 70%; a 950-gramme jar’s price dropped from 4.50 Euros to 1.41 Euros. Nutella is a popular chocolate spread and the price drop made some people nuts in France. There were brawls in the supermarkets and police had to come to some stores to stop the fighting. The producer of Nutella, Ferrero, said that the decision to drop the price was unilaterally decided by Intermarche.
This news is from South Korea. South Korean protesters are at the border of the Koreas. They have three balloons. They launch them. The balloons fly to North Korea. The balloons carry 50,000 pieces of paper. On each paper, there is text. In the text, the South Koreans write about North Korea. South Korea does not like North Korea’s military  provocations . They criticise Kim Jong Un, too.	South Korean protesters launched three balloons with anti-Pyongyang messages in a city near the border of the Koreas. In the 50,000 leaflets , the protesters condemned North Korea’s provocations against the Republic of Korea. The leaflets criticised Kim Jong Un, as well. In January, North Korea did a nuclear test, and in February, it launched a rocket. This meant that the situation between the Koreas became worse.	Taking off into the sky, these balloons filled with anti-Pyongyang messages were launched by South Korean protesters headed to North Korea. Three balloons carrying around 50,000 leaflets were released in the border city of Paju. The packages can be seen floating over the border amid tension following the North’s nuclear test and rocket launch. “We sent the leaflets carrying a message denouncing Kim Jong Un’s succession and North Korea’s nuclear missile programme. The leaflets also condemn North Korea’s armed provocations against the Republic of Korea.” Tensions have been high on the Korean Peninsula since the North conducted a nuclear test in January and a long-ranged rocket launch in February, prompting the United Nations Security Council to issue new sanctions . North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has recently been making official appearances in military drills and rocket engine testings which, if genuine , could indicate that an intercontinental ballistic missile is being developed.
The Evergrande Group is a Chinese company. It buys land. It builds houses. The company is very big. Sadly, it has big debts , too. The company builds 38 buildings in Danzhou City, China. The houses are on the Ocean Flower Island. The island is not real. People build it. It is bigger than the Palm Islands in the United Arab Emirates. Then, there is a problem. The Chinese media says that the buildings are not legal . Evergrande does not have building permits. The permits are official documents which say that someone can build a house. The Chinese authorities say that Evergrande must demolish the buildings. The company must do it this week.	The Evergrande Group is one of the largest developers in China, but it also has the largest debts in the world. The company started to build 38 buildings in Danzhou City, China, as a part of a project on the Ocean Flower Island. The island is even bigger than the Palm Islands of Dubai. Last year, the Chinese media reported that Evergrande built the houses illegally because the company did not have a building permit . The company owed 300 billion dollars to other companies, and it offered to sell them some of the houses and apartments on the island. Local authorities did not agree with this, and on December 30, they decided that the company had to remove the buildings within 10 days. It means that destruction should start by January 3.	39 buildings in construction have to be demolished. They were built over the past eight years at a huge resort-style development at the Ocean Flower Island project in China. The project was being built on the largest man made island in the world, eclipsing anything built in the Middle East, including the Palm Islands of Dubai in the United Arab Emirates. The Evergrande Group, the property developer, reportedly had illegal building permits for the luxury development. Pressure continues to grow for the most indebted developer in the world, and the company is struggling to repay more than 300 billion dollars in liabilities . Last November, media reported that authorities in Danzhou City refused Evergrande´s plan to offer contractors and suppliers properties to partially repay the ongoing debts. The order to remove the buildings was signed on December 30, meaning the company could start destruction work by January 9.
This news is about food. A restaurant in Mexico offers something special. It puts insects in its tacos. You can have, for example, bugs, spiders and scorpions. The insects are wild. People go into the hills, lift up rocks and catch them. This can be dangerous because some insects sting . Some people don’t want to eat insects. Then they try it, and they like it! Some insects don’t have a characteristic flavour . You can give them any flavour that you want.	This news is about food which is not for everybody, certainly not for those who are afraid of bugs, spiders and scorpions. A restaurant in Mexico offers tacos with insects on top. The insects are wild. People go into the hills, lift up the rocks and find insects in the weeds . You must be really careful because some insects can sting you. Some people say that they would never eat an insect, but then they try it and they like it! Scorpions, for example, don’t have characteristic flavours . The preparation gives them one.	Now, it’s not a dish for everyone, certainly not for those afraid of bugs, but one small Mexico restaurant is offering up a new food challenge – tacos with insect toppings ! Yeah, La Cocinita de San Juan even has a full list of Mexican-style tacos with wild menu items such as scorpions and spiders. And they really are wild, says restaurant owner Pedro Hernandez. “It’s really hard to catch them. They’re wild, so there are people who are in charge of going into the hills to go and lift up the rocks and uncover them in the weeds . You have to be really careful when you grab them because the scorpions, if they sting you, those little scorpions will send you to hospital.” So, how do you get your customers to eat something they would normally send back to the kitchen ? Well, apparently some of the dishes are easy to disguise . “Scorpion doesn’t have a very characteristic flavour, really. It’s the preparation that really gives it a characteristic flavour. Then, they’ll eat it. Because otherwise, they’ll say, ‘No wait, I’m not going to eat a scorpion,’ then seeing it all prepared, they eat it and say, ‘Well, it’s good.’” Well, we don’t know about you, but we’d rather stick to a burger!
People in Portland, Oregon, and Seattle, Washington, US, see something unusual in the sky at night. People see bright lights. The lights move quickly. Scientists do not think that the lights are a plane or a meteor . They soon know the truth. A SpaceX rocket takes off from Florida US on March 4. The plan is that the rocket will go to space and stay there. Then a mistake happens. The rocket returns . It starts to burn in the earth´s atmosphere . People see the lights. Scientists do not know if some pieces of the rocket fall to the ground. People from this part of the US do not usually see rockets in the sky. They are very surprised. They share pictures on the Internet.	Last week, people in Portland, Oregon, and Seattle, Washington, US, saw unusual lights in the night sky. They thought that it was something from another world, but they soon found out the truth. The lights were not planes or meteors but a SpaceX rocket. The rocket took off from Florida, US, on March 4, and engineers planned that it would leave the earth´s atmosphere . Then the rocket came back to the atmosphere and it started to burn. It seemed that the light were debris from the rocket, but scientists did not know if some debris fell to the ground. People in Portland and Seattle were very excited because it was not usual for them to see lights in the sky. SpaceX rockets usually take off in other parts of the US where people can see lights in the sky very often.	A streak of light in the night sky over much of the Portland area of Oregon, US, spurred speculation among people. However, the mysterious bright lights weren´t planes or meteors, but they turned out to be debris from a SpaceX rocket. The rocket was launched in Florida on March 4, and it was one of four SpaceX rockets launched in the last month. However, the rocket failed to perform a deorbit , and it reentered the Earth´s atmosphere at the wrong angle, causing it to burn up and scatter debris across the sky. Weather service officials said that they hadn´t heard of any impacts across the region, and they weren´t sure if some debris fell to the ground. SpaceX launches happen regularly in California, Texas, and Florida, and for some Americans, it is a common thing to see unidentified rockets, or their debris, whizzing overhead; however, in the Seattle and Portland areas, the spectacle caused delight and bewilderment .
People can advertise on Facebook. Some advertisements are political. The political advertisers must tell Facebook who they are. They also must say where they are. However, some advertisers give fake information. This year, the advertisers must give Facebook more information. Facebook is doing this to make sure that the advertisers are real. If everything is fine, Facebook calls them a “ Confirmed Organization.” This way, people know that the political organization is real. People can ask the advertisers questions, too.	Last year, political advertisers on Facebook had to prove their identity and location. This was so users could check if the organization was real. However, some advertisers did not give correct information. This year, advertisers on Facebook must give more information. If they do, they are listed on Facebook as a “ Confirmed Organization.” Users can also check all of their information. Facebook says that this change will make it easier for users to know if an organization is truthful and to ask questions.	Last year, Facebook required political advertisers to confirm their identity and location so that users could verify their information, but some advertisers gave false information. This year, Facebook is requiring them to give more details, such as identification numbers. If they give the necessary information, they will show up on Facebook as a “ Confirmed Organization.” Users can also check all of their details. Facebook says that this change will let users look into the legitimacy of an advertiser or an organization, and it will let them ask questions if they do not trust the information.
A person has a cardiac arrest when his or her heart stops working. This is very dangerous. You can help this person by giving him or her CPR. When you give CPR, you press down on the person´s chest . You massage the person’s heart like this. You breathe into the person’s mouth, too. Scientists do a study. They study how many people give CPR in public . They find out that women get 23% less CPR than men. Some people want to know why. People use models to learn CPR. The models look like men. They do not look like women. The people think that this reason can be why. They make the Womanikin. You put the Womanikin on the model. The model looks like a woman, not a man, with the Womankin.	A 2017 study found that American and Canadian women were 27% less likely to receive CPR in public than men. Some people thought about the reasons for this. One of the reasons could be that people are taught to perform CPR on dummies with flat chests. To solve this problem, people created the Womanikin which can add breasts on the dummies. The creators say that this is not going to make everything OK, but it was a step in the right way. They hope to have it in classes across the USA by the end of next year.	A 2017 study found that American and Canadian women were 27% less likely to receive CPR in public than men. The JOAN Creative agency thought that the statistic came because people were not trained on women’s bodies and were not sure about touching women’s breasts during CPR, so they created an attachment for flat-chested CPR dummies . The attachment is called the Womanikin, and it basically adds breasts onto the male dummy. The creator told CNN that ‘the Womanikin won’t solve everything, but it’s a step in the right direction’ and people hope to make it available for CPR classes across the USA by the end of next year. Hopefully, it will make a difference and more women who suffer cardiac arrest in public will be saved.
Some people live near a train station. They can travel to work. It is good for them. But it is not good when the train is very close. There is a city in Vietnam. It has a very narrow street. In the street there is a way for trains to pass. Trains go there every day. The trains go very near the houses. This is not good for the people. People must be careful when they go home because the trains can hit them. There were accidents there in the past.	A train station close to your home would be for most commuters a nice thing. In Hanoi though, things got a little bit too close. In the Vietnam capital city there is a street where trains pass right in front of people’s doors. Only centimetres separate the train and the houses. The train goes through the narrow street every day at 4 pm and at 7 pm. Residents usually hide because there have been accidents in the past. Living there cannot be very nice, mainly because of the noise and also for the security reasons.	UK commuters frequently use trains, and living as close as they could to a train station could be likened to the “ Holy Grail ,” but it would not be comfortable. In Hanoi, Vietnam, there is a train that passes right by people’s front doors. At 4 pm and 7 pm every day, the train swiftly comes down the street. The people there have to retreat into their homes to avoid accidents. In most places, this train would probably not get the nod due to safety reasons, in addition to the lack of peace that would come from a train passing almost inside your house every day.
Arkansas is a state in the American South. Police stop a car there. The car stops. The driver starts to shoot at the policeman. The policeman shoots back. A camera in the police car films the incident . The shooting goes on for about a minute. Then the man gets back in his car. He drives away. Later police arrest him.	Arkansas is a state in the American South, and the police stopped a man there for a traffic violation last Sunday. Moments after stopping, he opened fire on the police officer. The officer started firing back at him. A camera in the police car filmed the incident. The video also shows another car approach and stop at the scene . Then, it quickly backs up to get away from the danger. After about a minute of shooting, the man got back in his car and drove away. Luckily, no one was seriously hurt in the incident. Police arrested the driver later that day.	Police stopped a man in Arkansas for a traffic violation last Sunday; Arkansas is a state in the American South. Moments after stopping, the man opened fire on the police officer who started shooting back at him. The video filmed from the police car also shows an SUV approaching and stopping at the scene, but then backing up quickly as if to have nothing to do with the shooting. After about a minute of shooting, the man got back in his car and drove away. Luckily, no one was seriously hurt in the incident, and police arrested the driver later that day.
This news is from England. A 31-year-old man steals a wallet from a car. This happens in Birmingham. The police can see the thief on camera. The police cannot believe what the thief is doing. The thief is dancing. He is happy because he has money now. Dancing is his celebration. The police find the man. It is not the first time that he steals something. The thief goes to prison. His prison time is two weeks.	In Birmingham, England, Police released a video of a 31-year-old man who took a wallet from a parked car. The police could not believe it when they saw the video. The thief was so happy when he found a fifty-pound note in a stolen wallet that he did a little dance.  He was happy when he found the money, but he looked very miserable when the police knocked on the door to arrest him. In the past, the man already did shoplifting and other little crimes. Now, he will spend two weeks in prison.	This thief was so happy at finding a fifty-pound note in a stolen wallet that he did a little celebratory dance. Police have released this CCTV footage of the 31-year-old man, who took the wallet from a parked car in Birmingham. Sergeant Alan Lawless said, “We couldn’t believe it when we saw the footage . He was so happy at getting his hands on someone else’s cash that he did a little dance on the pavement. He may have felt like dancing at the time, but he looked pretty miserable when we knocked on his door to arrest him.” The man, who has convictions for offences including shoplifting, criminal damage, and vehicle interference , was later jailed for two weeks after admitting theft. Dancing his ways behind bars!
Malcolm X is an African American leader. He is born in 1925. He wants Black nationalism. Black nationalism is the idea that Black people are independent . They do not live with white people. In 1965, somebody shoots Malcolm X in New York, USA. Police arrest two men. They think that they kill him. They are Muhammad Aziz and Khalil Islam. They do not really kill Malcolm X. Sadly, in total, they spend 42 years in prison. It is a big mistake . In 2020, Netflix makes a documentary. A documentary is a show about real events. The documentary is about Malcolm X´s death. The documentary shows that something is wrong. A new investigation starts. Police find that Aziz and Islam do not kill Malcolm X. Now, Aziz is 83 years old. He is a free man. Islam dies in 2009.	Malcolm X was an African-American leader, and he supported Black nationalism . In 1965, he was giving a speech in New York, USA, when somebody shot him. Shortly after the attack, police arrested two men, Muhammad Aziz and Khalil Islam. In total, they spent 42 years in prison, but they were innocent . In the 1980s, people still believed that they killed Malcolm X when they left prison. In 2020, a Netflix documentary showed that the two men were probably innocent, and police studied the situation. Now, police found that the two men really did not kill Malcolm X. Aziz, who is now in his 80s, is finally a free man. Sadly, Islam died in 2009, so he never saw justice .	In 1965, someone assassinated Malcolm X, an African-American political leader and a famous Black Muslim, while he gave a speech in a ballroom in New York City, USA. Police fell upon Muhammad Aziz and Khalil Islam only moments after the assassination. However, these two men were innocent, and they became victims of a major miscarriage of justice. In 1966, a court sentenced them to life behind bars for a combined 42 years. They were released in the 1980s, yet, the crime followed them for years. A 2020 Netflix documentary discovered problems in the investigation, and then police reopened the case. Now, after a two-year-investigation, the court exonerated them, and in his 80s, Aziz is at last a free man. Sadly, Islam died in 2009 without ever seeing justice.
There is a law about Internet neutrality . It starts in 2015. In 2017, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) changes it. The FCC controls US states and their laws on the Internet. Some people do not agree with the change. They say that this is not legal. They say that the Internet must be free and open for everybody. Now the situation is different. The FCC cancels some rules. A court confirms the change. The FCC must change the rules. They must protect people and everything must be legal. The FCC leader is happy with the new situation. He says that Internet is free. He wants free Internet in the future, too.	The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) canceled the rules for a neutral Internet and a court confirmed it. In the past, the FCC had control over states and their Internet laws. FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel said that this was against the law, and there must be free and open Internet for everybody. The FCC must check if the new situation will be a problem for public safety. FCC Chairman Ajit Pai is happy with the court´s decision. He says that the Internet is free, and promised that it will be free in the future, too. Since 2015, the Internet was neutral, but the FCC voted and regulated the neutrality in 2017.	The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) repealed the rules for net  neutrality and a federal appeals court confirmed it. According to the rules, the FCC could prohibit states from making their own laws on net neutrality. The FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel said that it is unlawful, and that states must protect an open Internet for their citizens. The FCC must change the rules and check if the repeal can affect public safety. FCC Chairmain Ajit Pai welcomed the court´s decision. He said that there is free and open Internet and promised that it will be free in the future, too. In 2015, the rules adopted said that the Internet must be neutral but in 2017, the FCC repealed the rules.
Facebook wants to hire 10,000 workers this year. They are product and engineering workers. Facebook is very lucky. There are few companies hiring new people now. The situation is very difficult for many US companies. This is because of the coronavirus. People must not stay too close to each other. It slows down the coronavirus. However, many companies have money problems because of this. These are companies like restaurants or travel agencies. People lose their jobs. Small businesses close down . Bigger companies do not make things. In March, 10 million people lose their job in the US. Facebook wants to help. Facebook decides to give $100 million to small businesses.	On Thursday, Facebook announced that it will hire 10,000 workers by the end of 2020. These people will be product and engineering workers, and it is not clear if they will be contractors or full-time workers . Facebook is one of a few companies that are hiring new employees during the coronavirus. The company feels very lucky because many businesses are closing down or firing their employees. In the past weeks, 10 million people lost their jobs in the US. It was important that people do not stay too close to each other. This helps slow down the spread of the coronavirus; however, many small businesses, such as restaurants or travel agencies are losing money. Facebook decided to help these businesses, and the company will give them $100 million dollars.	Facebook COO , Sheryl Sandberg, said that the company expects to hire 10,000 new product and engineering workers by the end of 2020. At the moment, it is not clear if the newly hired people will include contractors or full-time Facebook employees. Sandberg said that the company feels fortunate to be able to do that. Facebook is probably one of few companies that are actually expanding during the coronavirus outbreak. In the last two weeks of March, 10 million people claimed unemployment in the US. The US President, Donald Trump, has extended social distancing guidelines until April 30 to help slow the spread of the coronavirus. Facebook announced that it will give $100 million to support small businesses that have gone  bankrupt due to social distancing.
This happens in Brazil. It is about thirteen prisoners. They are in one cell . Their guard does not check it. They have time to dig a tunnel. They use the tunnel and they run away. They film the situation on a phone. It is the guard’s fault. He gets in trouble for this. Police look for the prisoners. They find two of them.	Thirteen Brazilian prisoners dug a tunnel from their cell and escaped. They even used a phone to film the escape. The police suspended the prisoners’ guard because he didn’t check their cell for two months! The prisoners were free to dig their way out. Police tracked down two of the prisoners already.	This footage filmed on a mobile phone shows prisoners from a Brazilian jail celebrating their escape after they dug a tunnel. CCTV footage from outside the prison shows some of the men scampering across the yard. In total, 13 prisoners were able to escape after digging the tunnel from inside their cell. The convicts used a smart phone to record their daring escape and have even posted it online. The footage shows the inside of the tunnel and the convicts cramped inside. Local media has reported that the prison guard on duty at the time has been suspended after not checking the cell for nearly 60 days prior to the escape. “The guard that was there on the day, that was looking after things, in the CPP, we now know that there had not been an inspection of the cell for almost 60 days. They dug a tunnel and it was easy to escape.” Police have already managed to track down two of the escaped convicts.
Some companies who make drugs want to end lawsuits against opioids. Opioids are strong drugs that people are addicted to. Drug makers want to make a deal with US states and local governments to pay $50 billion dollars. The deal can help with costs from the opioid epidemic like health protection, police help, and addiction help. The companies want to make this deal within next week. In Ohio, there is going to be the first lawsuit on opioids. Otherwise, the companies go to court. There are more than 2,000 lawsuits against drug makers because of opioids. In the US, 400,000 people die because of these drugs.	Opioids are strong drugs that many people are addicted to. The US, local governments, and US states are working with drug makers and opioid makers to close thousands of lawsuits. Many opioid makers are closing a deal of $50 billion dollars with local governments. The agreement would free these companies from the accusations of being responsible for the serious situation with opioids. The $50 billion deal would pay for costs from the opioid epidemic , including health assistance, emergency cases, and addiction care. The companies are trying to close before the first trial in Ohio on opioids begins next week. They do not want to go to court. People say that the opioid problems caused about 400,000 deaths in the US.	A deal of $5 billion dollars is about to close between the US, local governments, US states, and drug manufacturers like Amerisource Bergen, Cardinal Health and McKesson Corporation. The agreement’s purpose is to settle thousands of lawsuits against the drug producers who are accused of provoking the opioid epidemic . The $50 billion deal would recover all costs that communities faced due to opioid addiction like medical care, police assistance, and addiction treatment. The groups involved are trying to close the deal by the end of next week before the first federal trial in Ohio on the opioid crisis. The settlement would allow them to avoid a court case. In the US, there are more than 2,000 lawsuits accusing the drug companies of feeding the opioid crisis and creating 400,000 deaths in two decades.
Emmanuel Macron is the French President. He visits the USA. Then he goes to Australia. He gives a speech . He accidentally says something that is embarrassing . He says that the prime minister’s wife is ‘delicious’. You do not use this word to talk about people. You say that food is delicious.	French President Emmanuel Macron visited the USA and then he travelled to Australia. He was there to discuss trade and defence . He gave a speech and he accidentally called the Australian prime minister’s wife ‘ delicious’ . Some experts believe that he meant ‘ delightful ’.	After his visit to the USA, French President Emmanuel Macron travelled to Australia to discuss trade and defence. In his speech, he accidentally referred to the Australian prime minister’s wife as ‘delicious’ . Some experts believe that Macron meant ‘ delightful ’ which is a common translation of the French word ‘delicieux’.
Twin girls are born in Israel in August 2020. Their heads are connected . The girls cannot see each other. A team of doctors plan a special surgery. They will separate the girls. It is the first such surgery in Israel. They plan it for one year. They use 3D  and  virtual  reality models. They put special bags in the girls´ heads. The bags make their skin grow. The surgery takes 12 hours. Doctors build the bones for the girls´ heads. They use the new skin. The surgery is successful. The girls look at each other for the first time. They will live normal lives.	In August 2020, twin girls were born in Israel. They never saw each other because they were joined at the head. Last week, they could look at each other for the first time. A team of experts from Israel and other countries spent a year planning a surgery which would separate the girls. It was a complicated surgery, and the team used 3D and virtual reality models to plan it. Doctors performed this surgery only twenty times in the world, and it was the first time that they did it in Israel. Months before the surgery, doctors put silicone bags into the girls´ heads which lengthened their skin. After the doctors reconstructed the skulls , they used the new skin to close the heads. The surgery took 12 hours, and it was successful. The girls will live normal lives.	One-year-old twin girls saw each other for the first time following a complex surgery to separate them at Soroka Medical Center in Beersheba, Israel. Conjoined at the head, the twins were separated in a 12-hour procedure, involving dozens of experts from Israel and abroad, who´d spent a year planning the surgery. The team used 3D and virtual reality models to plan the procedure that was the first of its kind in Israel. Months before the surgery, doctors inserted inflatable silicone bags into the girls’ heads and periodically expanded them to stretch the skin. The new skin was then used to closed the girls´ heads after the skulls were reconstructed. Such an operation had only been conducted twenty times worldwide, and to the team´s great joy, everything went as they´d hoped. The girls are expected to lead completely normal lives.
This story is about a raccoon. It starts climbing up a building in Minnesota, USA. It starts on Monday. People try to get it down. The animal does not want to come down. It continues up. The raccoon becomes popular. People want to know how its story ends. It climbs up to the 23rd storey . It relaxes there for a while. On Wednesday morning, it makes it to the top.	A raccoon in Minnesota, USA, decided to climb up a 25-storey building one day. It started its journey on Monday, and workers tried to get it down, but it ignored them. The story of the heroic raccoon soon became viral . The director of the ‘Guardians of the Galaxy’ (in which one character is an anthropomorphic raccoon) even offered $1,000 to get it down. The animal kept going until the 23rd storey where arested on a windowsill . It made it to the top in the early hours of Wednesday.	The story of a raccoon turned viral when it decided to climb up a 25-storey building in Minnesota, USA. It started its journey up on Monday. Maintenance workers tried to get the animal down, but it simply ignored them. To everyone’s amazement, the heroic racoon made it to the 23rd storey before taking a break on the windowsill. The director of the ‘Guardians of the Galaxy’ (in which one character is an anthropomorphic raccoon) even offered $1,000 to get it down. The climber’s way up progressed and everyone celebrated after it got all the way to the top in the early hours of Wednesday.
360 people swim in the icy Vltava River in Prague, Czech Republic. This event happens every winter. This year, people remember Alfred Nikodem. Alfred Nikodem is a Czech goldsmith . He is a hardy man. He likes to swim in cold weather. He first swims in the Vltava River in winter 1923. A few friends swim with him. More than 50 people swim five years later. The number gets bigger every year. The water is very cold this year. It is three to four degrees Celsius. Swimmers swim 100, 300, or 750 meters. The fastest swimmer swims 750 meters in 9 minutes and 11 seconds.	Alfred Nikodem was a goldsmith who lived in Prague, Czech Republic. He was a hardy man, and in 1923, a few of his friends and he swam in the icy Vltava River. Five years later, more than 50 people swam with him, and it started a new tradition, which lasted nearly one hundred years. Last week, 360 swimmers from eight countries were in the 75th swim in Vltava. They swam 100, 300, or 750 meters in the water which was three to four degrees Celsius, and it was the lowest in many years. The air temperature was minus six degrees, and many onlookers stood along the river in winter coats and hats.	Hundreds of hardy swimmers braved the freezing waters of the Vltava River in Prague, Czech Republic, in honor of winter swimming pioneer and promoter of the Spartan lifestyle, Alfred Nikodem. It was the 75th swim of the annual event, and 360 participants from eight different countries, including Poland, the US, and England, were in the 100, 300, and 750-meter distance categories. The air temperature was minus six degrees Celsius, and the water temperature was between three to four degrees, the lowest temperature in many years. Alfred Nikodem was a well-known Prague goldsmith and founder of the winter swimming in the Czech country, and he braved the cold waters in Prague with a few friends in 1923. Five years later, more than 50 people swam with him, and since then, the tradition has stayed alive every year.
The Pope is speaking at the Vatican. A six-year old boy comes on the stage with him. He wants to play. The Pope tells his guards that it is OK. The boy is mute . The Pope talks about the boy. He says that the boy cannot speak. However, the boy can ‘ express himself ’. He says that the boy ‘is free ’. The boy’s mother takes him off of the stage. Everyone loves the little boy. The Pope prays for him.	While the Pope spoke at the Vatican, a six-year old boy came on stage to play, and Pope Francis told his guards to let the boy stay. The boy is mute and could not easily respond. The Pope spoke to the audience that though the boy was unable to speak, he was able ‘to express himself’ and ‘he is free’. His mother later took him off-stage, but he had already captured everyone’s hearts . The Pope ended his speech with a prayer for the boy.	While the Pope spoke at the Vatican, a six-year old boy named Wenzel came on stage to play, but Pope Francis told his guards to let the boy stay. The boy is mute and could not easily respond to them. The Pope replied to the audience that though Wenzel could not speak, ‘he does know how to express himself’ and ‘he is free’. His mother eventually took him off-stage, but he had already captured everyone’s hearts . The Pope ended his catechism lesson with a prayer for Wenzel.
Hello students, There is a website for you. It is www.speakinlevels.com . It is for students of English. It is for speaking via Skype. You can find people at your level of English. You can find people from different countries. You can choose to talk to men or women. Are you afraid of new people? Don’t worry! With Speak in Levels, you can start easily. There are tips on the website. These tips can help you. Speak in Levels can help your English. Have fun with it! Have a nice day, News in Levels team	Hello students, We have a website for you. Its name is www.speakinlevels.com . You can use filters to search for people at your level and speak via Skype with them. You can also search for people by country or gender (men or women). You can also use a form to write to people, and you will be informed when people are ready to talk with you. Are you afraid to talk with somebody who you don’t know? Don’t worry! There are tips and topics which can help you start talking. Have fun and speak with your new friends ! We hope that you will improve your English! Have a nice day, News in Levels team	Hello students, We have a website for you. Its name is www.speakinlevels.com . You can use filters to search for people at your level, by country, or by gender (female or male) and speak with them via Skype. You can also easily write to people via a form and you will be informed about new people who are ready to talk with you. There are also conversation topics and tips on how to start communication with new people. We hope that you will find a lot of new friends for daily conversation in English and that this project will help you improve your English speaking skills! Have a nice day, News in Levels team
Myanmar is a country in Asia. A difficult situation is in the country. The army controls Myanmar until 2011. Aung San Suu Kyi becomes the leader of Myanmar in 2011. The army still has a lot of power. About 1.5 million Muslim Rohingya people live in Myanmar. The army attacks the Rohingya people. More than 700,000 leave the country. Suu Kyi agrees with the attack. Suu Kyi wins the election in Myanmar in November last year. The army says that the election is not fair. Problems start. The army takes control of the country on Monday. It is called a coup . Some politicians are in prison now. Soldiers are in the streets. People must not go out at night. Many world leaders do not agree with the coup.	The army ruled in Myanmar until 2011. After some political changes, Aung San Suu Kyi became the leader of the country. Between 1989 and 2010, Suu Kyi spent 15 years in prison. In 1991, she got the Nobel Peace Prize. Some people were not happy with her because she agreed with a strong action against the Rohingya people. The Rohingya conflict started in 2015 and more than 700,000 people left Myanmar. On Monday, the army took control of the country, and many government leaders ended up in prison. The army said that the recent election , in which Suu Kyi won, was not fair. It was the reason for the coup . The streets are full of soldiers now, there is a state of emergency, and people must not go out at night.	Myanmar´s military has seized power after detaining the country´s leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, and other democratically elected leaders. The army says that the recent election victory by Suu Kyi´s party was gained by fraud. Troops are patrolling the streets, and a night-time curfew is in force, with a one-year state of emergency declared. Myanmar was ruled by the armed forces until 2011; however, after democratic reforms, Suu Kyi was in partial control with the military´s agreement. She spent nearly 15 years in detention between 1989 and 2010 and she received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991. However, her leadership and reputation suffered after she defended the army´s brutal crackdown on the Muslim Rohingya minority. Suu Kyi´s party has released a statement saying that the coup was against the will of voters. Leaders across the world, including the US and UK, have criticized the coup.
Chester Zoo is in England. It has three new animals: warthog babies. Their names are Hedwig, Nagini and Aragog. These are names from the “Harry Potter” books. There are two girls and a boy. They are just 20 centimetres tall. These animals are called warthogs because they have warts . One pair of warts is on their faces. The second pair is near their tusks . The warthog’s home is in Africa. Warthogs are in danger there. People catch them. There is also not enough water there.	The Chester zoo in England has three new animals – warthog triplets. People named them Hedwig, Nagini and Aragog, from the Harry Potter books. The two girls and a boy are just 20 centimetres tall. These interesting animals are named warthogs because they all have one or two pairs of warts on their faces beneath their eyes and near their tusks . Their home is in Africa where they are in danger because of hunting and very dry weather.	Frolicking about, these are the adorable new additions to Chester Zoo. These warthog triplets have all received rather magical names, being named after “Harry Potter” characters Hedwig, Nagini and Aragog. Mum Tamzin and Dad Magnum are the proud parents of this tiny trio, which consists of two girls and a boy. Standing at a minuscule 20 centimetres tall, the youngsters have been taking their very first playful steps outside, having spent a few weeks in their den bonding with mum. The intriguing species are named warthogs because they all have one or two pairs of warts on their face beneath their eyes and near their tusks . Native to Africa, they’re under pressure in some parts of the continent because of drought and hunting, which have already caused some localised extinctions. But now these latest magical additions will join a carefully coordinated European breeding programme for the species to help boost numbers of the adorable animal. They might just be the first warthogs to join Hogwarts!
Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, and her husband, Prince Harry, stop working for the Royal Family in March. Meghan has a first job. She narrates Disney´s new documentary . It is called Elephant. The documentary is about an elephant family. The elephant family walks 1,000 miles across a desert. Meghan likes elephants. She and her husband, Prince Harry, work in Botswana in the past. They work with a conservation group in Botswana. The group helps elephants. Meghan meets the filmmakers . They know that Meghan is interested in elephants. They want Meghan to narrate the documentary. She agrees. This documentary starts on Disney Plus on April 3.	On Thursday, Disney announced that Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, narrated Disney´s new documentary. ‘Elephant’ is a movie about an elephant family that walks 1,000 miles across the Kalahari Desert. The movie benefits Elephants Without Borders, a conservation group in Botswana. Meghan worked with this group in the past. She met the filmmakers when she and her husband, Prince Harry, were working in Botswana a few years ago. The filmmakers contacted Meghan because they knew that she was interested in saving elephants. The movie will first appear on Disney Plus on April 3, and it is Meghan´s first job since she and Harry finished their work for The Royal Family in early March.	On Thursday, Disney announced that Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, is the narrator of one of its new documentaries. Meghan narrated a documentary benefiting Elephants Without Borders, a conservation group that she worked with in the past. This is Meghan´s first post-royal job since she and her husband, Prince Harry, finished their royal duties in early March. ‘Elephant’ is a movie about an elephant family trekking 1,000 miles across the Kalahari Desert. Meghan met the movie´s creators when she and Harry were working in Botswana a few years ago. The filmmakers reportedly reached out to Meghan because they knew her passion for the subject and the footage . ‘Elephant’ and another Disneynature documentary called ‘Dolphin Reef’ will debut on Disney Plus on April 3.
Yemen has problems. Many Yemenis are hungry. The United Nations helps them. They send them food. However, there is a problem. Not all of the food gets to the people. Houthi rebels take some of the food. They take about $15 million worth of food every month. Children die because of this. The UN is trying to talk to the Houthis. If the talks fail , the UN can stop sending the food. If they stop sending the food, they will still help women and children.	The United Nations sends food to Yemen to help its people. Sadly, not all of the food gets to them. CNN did an investigation which found out that Houthi rebels are stealing the food. People say that around $15 million worth of food is stolen every month and that children are dying because of this. The UN is trying to negotiate with the Houthi leaders. If the talks are not successful , the UN can stop sending food to Yemen. However, they would still help children and women.	A weeks-long CNN investigation showed that Houthi rebels have been stealing food provided by the UN from the Yemenis. The UN said last Monday that it is considering stopping aid to Houthi-controlled areas of Yemen. The UN’s program aims to feed around 12 million people in Yemen, which is nearly half of the country’s population, but the UN says that their convoys are blocked. One UN organisation said that around $15 million worth of food does not make it to people who need it each month and that children are dying because of this. The UN is trying to negotiate with Houthi leaders, but talks were not successful. Stopping aid is the last resort, but the organisation said that it would still help children and women.
Here is some news from Santiago de Chile. It is rush hour . A lot of people travel. Something unpleasant happens. There is a power cut . It lasts for two hours. Some people are in the metro. The trains stop. The people cannot leave. They must wait. After 40 minutes, they are able to leave. The metro line has 30 stations. A lot of people use these stations. There can be between 5,000 to 6,000 people at every station.	Tens of thousands of people were stuck in metro carriages in Santiago because of an electrical fault. The power cut lasted for two hours, but the people left the carriages 40 minutes after it. Still, this was nothing you want to have happen at rush hour . People evacuated the passengers to the nearest stations. The affected metro line has 30 stations. It sometimes carries between 5,000 and 6,000 people at every station.	Well, this is the last thing you want at rush hour . Tens of thousands of Chileans were stuck in metro carriages underneath the capital city of Santiago on Wednesday due to an electrical fault. Passengers were trapped underground without light for around 40 minutes before they eventually got let out. The power cut affected the travel plans of all passengers who were traveling from the west to the south of the city. According to local media, the power cut lasted for two hours and then normal service was resumed. Once out, the passengers were evacuated to the nearest stations following security protocol . The affected metro line has 30 stations and at peak time carries between 5,000 and 6,000 people at every station. This was the second major failure in the metro recently after a crack was discovered on line four last week causing various stations to close.
There is a terror attack in Egypt. It happens in the Sinai region. This region is in the north of the country. Islamic extremists attack a mosque . They use bombs and guns. They kill 235 people or more. This is Egypt’s worse terrorist attack. Egyptian president El-Sissi talks about the attack on television. He says that it is terrible . Trump says that it is terrible, too.	On Friday, Islamic extremists attacked a mosque in Egypt. More than 235 people died from explosives or from the shooting. This is Egypt’s deadliest terror attack. It took place in the northern Sinai region. Egyptian president El-Sissi condemned the attack on television and Donald Trump condemned it also on Twitter. Tel Aviv’s City Hall lit up with the Egyptian flag to show solidarity .	More than 235 Egyptian civilians died after Islamic extremists attacked a mosque on Friday in Egypt’s northern Sinai region. The militants used explosives as well as firearms to carry out the attack, which was Egypt’s deadliest ever. Egyptian president El-Sissi condemned the extremist attack in a televised statement, and Trump reacted by denouncing the bombing on his Twitter account. Tel Aviv’s City Hall lit up with the Egyptian flag to show solidarity.
This news is about a man. He is from Venezuela. He is 20 years old. He has the largest feet in the world. By European standards , the feet are size 59. In the UK, the feet are size 18. A German shoemaker comes to Venezuela. He makes the man shoes. He told Guinness World Records about the feet. Now, this man is in the Guinness Book of Records. People bullied the man at school. He is OK now. He wants to help people.	A 20-year-old man from Venezuela has the largest feet in the world, and he is now in the Guinness Book of Records. His feet are size 59 by European standards which is size 18 by UK standards. The man’s feet are larger than the feet of the tallest man in the world. Guinness World Records found out about the man’s feet after a German shoemaker travelled to the country to help him. Before, the man had shoes made from trouser material. These shoes lasted only two or three weeks, so he often had no shoes. People bullied the man at school because of his large feet. He overcame this, and now plans to help people who are depressed.	A 20-year-old man from Venezuela has officially broken the Guinness World Record for the largest feet. “Since I was 14-years-old they made my shoes out of trouser material, which only lasted two or three weeks, so sometimes I would go barefoot.” At a whopping size of 59 by European standards, which is a size 18 in the UK, Rodriguez’s feet are larger than those of the world’s tallest man. Guinness World Records were informed of his record-breaking feet after German specialist shoemaker Georg Wessels travelled to the country to help. Rodriguez had grown at a normal rate until he reached 10 years old which led his family to seek medical advice. “They sent him to do a scan and that is when they realised Jason suffered from an overactive pituitary . We all have that gland, but he had premature growth which sped up his growth.” Having overcome  bullying for his size, Rodriguez now has plans to help people suffering from depression.
A Slovak company makes a special car. It is a flying car. The first test of the car is on October 22. The test takes place at an airport in Slovakia. The car drives on the runway on wheels . Then it changes into a flying car. The change takes less than three minutes. The car flies almost 460 meters high in the air. It flies over Slovakia. The car can carry 200 kilograms. It has a 1.6-liter engine . The car can fly about 1,000 kilometers without a break with this engine. The car is very easy and comfortable to use. People do not need to travel to an airport. They can fly where they need. Then they park the car in a car park.	Professor Stefan Klein from the University of Münster designed a flying car. The Slovak company KleinVision made the car and it was time to test it. On October 22, the car took its first flight at an airport in Slovakia, and it flew almost 460 meters in the air. The car changes from a road car to a flying car in less than three minutes. It weighs 1,100 kilograms, and it can carry a load of 200 kilograms. It has a 1.6-liter engine, and it can fly about 1,000 kilometers without stopping. According to the company, the flying car is very convenient . People do not need to travel to the airport. They can fly where they need and then they park the car in a car park.	The KleinVision flying car took its maiden flight at Slovakia´s Piestany Airport on October 22. The fifth generation flying car was designed by Professor Stefan Klein from the University of Münster and it flew almost 460 meters in the air over Slovakia as part of a test flight. The two-seat model weighs 1,100 kilograms, and it can carry an additional load of 200 kilograms per flight. It is powered by a BMW 1.6-liter engine and its estimated travel range is 1,000 kilometers. The car can transform from a road vehicle into an air vehicle in less than three minutes. Anton Zajac, the co-founder of the Slovakian company KleinVision said that with AirCar, people would arrive at their destination without the hassle of getting a ride to the airport and passing through commercial security. The car is suitable for leisure and self-driving journeys or as a commercial taxi service.
Kabul is the capital of Afghanistan. On Saturday the 18th, there is a wedding. There are more than 1,000 people at this wedding. A man comes to the wedding with a big gun. He starts shooting. He also wears an explosive vest . His vest explodes. Sixty-three people die. Many of them are children. More than 180 people are injured. ISIS says that it carried out the attack. It did this because the people are Shiite Islam followers.	ISIS claimed responsibility for a suicide bombing at a wedding in Kabul, Afghanistan’s capital. The wedding took place on Saturday the 18th and more than 1,000 guests attended it. Sixty-three people died and more than 180 were injured. Many of the dead were children. The bride and groom survived. A young Pakistani man with an assault rifle carried out the attack, and then he detonated an explosive vest. ISIS said that the attack was against Shiite Islam followers. ISIS also claimed responsibility for a car bombing after the attack at the wedding.	In an online statement on Sunday, ISIS claimed responsibility for a suicide bombing at a wedding in Afghanistan’s capital of Kabul on Saturday the 18th. Sixty-three people died and more than 180 were injured. The statement had an attachment of a picture of a young Pakistani man with an assault rifle . The text said that ISIS attacked Shiite Islam followers, which ISIS calls “ rejecter polytheists ,” or apostates . The attacker detonated an explosive vest, and ISIS also took responsibility for a car bombing after the attack at the wedding. More than 1,000 guests were at the wedding and many children were killed in the attack. The bride and groom survived.
In the Middle East, people scan the pyramids. The results are surprising. People built the pyramids from one material. Every stone should be the same. However, there is an anomaly . One stone is hot. This is not normal. Experts want to know the reason for this. The project is called “Scan Pyramids”. The project plans to map the pyramids. People also want to find more secret rooms inside them.	For the first time ever, people used scanning technology on the pyramids in the Middle East. The results are quite surprising. The results show an anomaly in the 4,500-year-old Great Pyramid of Khufu. People built the pyramid from one type of material, but one stone radiates heat which is not normal. Scientists say that this has to mean something. People call this project “Scan Pyramids” and the project aims to map the old structures as well as discover secret rooms.	For the first time ever, scanning technology’s been used on pyramids and the results are quite surprising. The preliminary results of the Scan Pyramids project indicate an anomaly in the 4,500-year-old Great Pyramid of Khufu that could uncover the secrets of other ancient Egyptian structures. The project’s a collaboration between the Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities , Cairo University and the AHIP Institute, and aims to map millennia-old pyramids in Giza as well as discover hidden chambers and secret passageways. Experts say the discovery paves the way for more groundbreaking research in ancient Egyptian studies. “I think, this will be the start for new science, new research for all Egyptologists, especially those Egyptologists who’re interested in the ancient Egyptian architects .” Through infrared thermography and non-invasive cosmic rays, the two-week research found three hot stains on the eastern side of the Khufu pyramid. The heat radiating from the stone indicates an anomaly, although the reason behind the thermal differences remains unknown. “If you have the same material in a structure, you’re expecting to have the same orientation, more or less, you’re expecting to have the same thermal signature , so the fact that you have an important difference of temperature between just one block and the other right next to it – it has to mean something because it’s not normal.” These irregularities continue to shroud these iconic monuments in mystery, but with the project continuing, it’s hope that more insights into pyramids, and indeed history, will be made.
In Beijing, the air is polluted . The air is 17 times worse than the limits . Highways close. People must stay indoors. The pollution gets worse in the winter months. It is cold, and people turn their heating systems on. There is no wind, so the smog stays in the city. It does not move away.	In Beijing, poor air quality is making breathing hard for people. The government placed the capital on a special alert . The pollution is 17 times higher than it should be. As a result, highways closed, construction work stopped, and people had to stay indoors. Emissions in northern China increase during the winter months because people turn their heating systems on. Also, the wind speeds are low, so the smog does not move away.	Poor air quality is making breathing hard for residents in Beijing. China’s capital has been placed on special alert after dangerous smog reached its highest level for more than a year. Pollution has soared to 17 times higher than levels deemed safe by the World Health Organisation. As a result, highways have been closed, construction work has stopped and residents have been advised to stay indoors. According to the Ministry of Environmental Protection, the choking pollution is caused by the “unfavourable” weather. Emissions in northern China soar during winter months as urban heating systems are switched on and low wind speeds mean that polluted air is not dispersed . It comes as President Xi Jinping joins other world leaders in Paris for a critical UN conference aimed at agreeing a new global approach to climate change. China launched a “war on pollution” last year following a spate of smog outbreaks in Beijing and surrounding regions.
Elon Musk´s company, SpaceX, sends satellites into space. Satellites go around the Earth. They talk with each other. They send information to people. Last week, Musk sends 60 satellites into space. Musk wants to send 50,000 satellites into space. He wants to make an Internet network. The satellites will bring cheap and fast Internet. Some people do not have money for the Internet. There is no Internet in some parts of the world. Musk says that his Internet will be available for all people in the world. Some astronomers are not happy about the satellites. Astronomers watch the sky at night. They use telescopes . However, the satellites make it more difficult to see stars and planets.	This week, Elon Musk´s company, SpaceX, launched a rocket into space. It was the 9 th part of the Starlink mission, and the rocket carried 60 satellites. Starlink is a network of 50,000 satellites, that will bring the Internet to all parts of the world. Elon Musk wants the Internet to be cheap and reliable. Some people do not have the Internet because they cannot afford it or because there is no Internet where they live. Musk said that his Internet would be for all people in the world. Many astronomers worry that when Starlink satellites pass in front of telescopes , they will change the quality of astronomical images and observations .	It has been two weeks since Elon Musk´s spaceflight company, SpaceX, and NASA launched two astronauts into space, and SpaceX has already launched another rocket. This is the 9 th mission in support of the constellation of network of satellites, known as Starlink. This week, the rocket Falcon 9 carried 60 satellites into Earth´s orbit, which will help provide Internet services to people who are not yet connected. Musk hopes that the satellites will bring reliable and affordable Internet to remote areas on Earth. However, several astronomers have raised concerns that the satellites could pass in front of telescopes, and they would obscure professional astronomical images. With the huge amount of about 50,000 new artificial satellites planned to be launched, this will inevitably affect astronomers´ work.
A plane is in the air. It is a fighter jet . It drops a bomb. The bomb falls on a town. The town is in Syria. After this, the jet crashes. The jet hits a market. There are a lot of people there. Twenty-seven people die. The crash injures many people. This town is in the Idlib Province. Fighting is bad there.	An army fighter jet dropped a bomb on a Syrian town and then the jet crashed. The crash injured many people and it killed at least 27 people because the jet crashed into a busy market place. Most of these people were civilians . The town is located in the rural Idlib Province, and it fell to a coalition of Islamist rebels in May. The fighting is bad there, as President Bashar al Assad is trying to bring the area under his control.	At least 27 people were killed and scores injured in the rebel-held town of Ariha in northwestern Syria today when an army fighter jet crashed into a busy market place. This footage, which was uploaded to social media, purportedly shows wreckage of the Syrian jet in the midst of an area that’s been turned to rubble . Witnesses say the jet dropped a bomb on the town shortly before it crashed, and the Britain-based Observatory for Human Rights has said most of those killed were civilians on the ground. This man says, “This market was full of people and the people came here to get some money. Each person was at his stall but now all of them are under the rubble. The plane, the pilots and its missile all hit the market, they kept nothing of the market at all.” Located in the rural Idlib Province, Ariha fell to a coalition of Islamist insurgents in May. Fighting between state forces and rebels has been intensifying here, and the region has recently come under heavy aerial bombardment by the forces of President Bashar al Assad in a counter-offensive to regain lost ground.
This happens in Iraq. A Kurdish reporter goes on a bridge. He wants to talk to men of the Islamic State. Their territory is on the other side of the bridge. The reporter stops in the middle of the bridge. He puts his hands up. The men can see that he does not have a gun.	A Kurdish reporter tried to confront members of the Islamic State. He walked out into the middle of a bridge, and he asked the jihadists if they wanted to talk. Their territory was on the other side of the bridge. The reporter put his hands up to show the militants that he was unarmed .	A Kurdish reporter has been filmed attempting to confront men purported to be members of the Islamic State, who he says took over the area on the other side of a bridge near Kirkuk. TV correspondent Hunar Ahmad can be seen walking out into the middle of a bridge and asking the jihadists if they want to talk. The ISIS militants hold territory on the far side of the structure, while Kurdish Peshmerga forces control the near side. Ahmad holds his microphone up in one hand and raises his other to show he’s not armed as he approaches the militants. Infamous black and white flags of IS are seen fluttering in the wind, as a heavy earthmoving loader dumps soil across the roadway. Rudaw is a Kurdish-language media outlet for speakers of the two dialects – Sorani and Kurmanji – in Iraq, Turkey, Syria and Iran.
Entertainers  perform in theaters in the past. They want all people to like their work. Today people make TV shows and movies. Companies want all people in the world to like their work. The USA is famous for its TV shows. However, a company says that Canada makes the most popular shows in the world. People like drama stories and children’s programs the best. These shows are also in English. Many people want to see shows in English. Originally, American companies go to Canada to make TV shows. Now more Canadian shows win awards. Canadian companies make more of their own shows.	In the past, theater entertainers wanted their work to be popular to all people. With TV shows and movies, companies want their work to be popular all across the world. The USA is famous for its TV shows, but an analytics company saw that Canada makes the most shows that are the most globally famous. The genres that are the most popular are drama and children’s programs. These shows are also in English, as many people like if they are in English and do not have subtitles . Originally, Americans made shows in Canada. Now more Canadian shows are winning awards. Canadian companies are making more of their own shows.	Before there were TV and movies, there was vaudeville , a type of theater that entertained people. Back then, entertainers wanted to be sure that their shows would be enjoyable everywhere. This is true today but for all across the world. Parrot Analytics, an analytics company, called this idea “ travelability ” if a TV show is popular globally. The USA is famous for its TV shows, but Parrot Analytics says that the country that makes the most shows with “travealabiltiy” is Canada. The show genres that have done the best are dramas and children’s programs and are in English. English content is important because most people do not want content in other languages or with subtitles. Originally, Americans made shows in Canada, but more Canadian shows have won awards recently. Canadian companies now are making more and more of their own shows.
In the Philippines, a security guard loses his job at a shopping mall. He is very angry. The man goes back to the mall. He brings weapons. He shoots a person. He takes other people hostage . The police come. They talk to the man. After hours, the police come into the mall. They rescue the people. They injured person goes to hospital to recover . The man goes to jail.	In the Philippines, a gunman shot a person and took 30 to 40 people hostage at a shopping mall. He was a security guard at the mall, and he was upset that he was recently fired from his job. Police negotiated with the gunman. After hours, specialized police and other police entered the mall to rescue everyone and take the gunman to jail. The people were free and the injured person is recovering at hospital.	In the Philippines, a gunman named Archie Paray shot a person and took 30 to 40 people hostage at shopping mall; he was a former security guard at the mall, and he was upset that he was recently dismissed . Police negotiated with Paray. After hours, SWAT  members and other law  enforcement members entered the mall to rescue the hostages and take Paray to jail. The hostages were released and the injured hostage is recovering at hospital.
Paul Walker was an actor. He played in the “Fast and Furious” movies. Paul Walker is dead. He died in a car. It was the Porsche Carrera GT. The car had an accident. Mr Walker died in this accident. This happened in 2013. Paul Walker has a daughter. She sues Porsche. She says that the car was not safe.	Paul Walker was an actor. People know him for his role in the Fast and Furious movies. The actor was a passenger in the Porsche Carrera GT. A friend of his was driving when they hit a pole . The car became quickly on fire. The actor could not leave the car because he was injured. He died. This was in 2013. Paul Walker’s daughter is suing Porsche. She says that the car is not as safe as it should be, and that her father died because of this.	The daughter of the late actor Paul Walker is suing Porsche over the crash which killed the star. The 16-year-old has filed a lawsuit against the car manufacturer, claiming it’s at fault for her father’s death. The Fast and Furious actor was a passenger in the Porsche Carrera GT a friend was driving when it hit a pole and burst into flames in 2013. Meadow Rain Walker is claiming that the carmaker took safety shortcuts, and design flaws meant her father was trapped in the vehicle after the crash. Legal documents reportedly say the car’s seatbelt “ snapped Walker’s torso back with thousands of pounds of force, thereby breaking his ribs and pelvis ,” meaning he could not escape the fire. They claim the car lacked “features that could have prevented the accident or, at a minimum, allowed Paul Walker to survive the incident”. Porsche is yet to publicly respond to the claims.
A building in Russia collapses . It is nine storeys high. People think that there is a gas explosion. Three people die. More people are trapped in the rubble . Gas explosions are normal in Russia. People often use gas bottles for cooking.	A nine-storey building in western Russia collapsed. A gas explosion is the suspected reason. At least three people died and more were trapped in the rubble . Gas explosions are common in Russia because people often use gas bottles for cooking.	At least three people died and several more have been trapped in rubble after a nine-storey building collapsed following a suspected gas explosion in western Russia. Gas explosions are not uncommon in Russia, as gas bottles are often stored for cooking.
This news is from the USA. Thirty-eight beagles are in labs . The dogs are in cages . Their lives are not good. People set the dogs free. Now, They can live normal lives. They can feel grass for the first time. Someone films the dogs. The video shows how people set them free.	People freed thirty-eight little beagles from five labs across 11 different states in the USA. There is a video which shows the dogs from the moment that people release them from their cages to adjusting to their new lives. Instead of being put to sleep , the dogs can now enjoy a normal dog’s life – playing outdoors and feeling the grass on their paws .	In what has been called the “summer of freedom”, one of the biggest beagle rescues in US history has taken place. Thirty-eight little beagles from five labs across 11 different states have been freed. The Beagle Freedom Project’s video shows the dogs from the moment they are released from their cages to adjusting to their new lives. The dogs had never been able to enjoy the normal, simple pleasures of a dog’s life, so playing outdoors and the feel of grass on their paws is a whole new experience. Despite various ‘animal industry’ obstacles, the team quietly secured the release of dozens of the ‘purpose-bred for research’ beagles, after the labs deemed them ‘experimentally spent.’ Instead of being put to sleep , as per normal procedure, the adorable pups got a second chance at a happy life with a real family.
19 people climb on Mount Elbrus, Russia, last Thursday. A heavy snowstorm comes. The sky gets dark. It gets very cold. The climbers are surprised . They call for help. One woman feels sick. She and four other climbers die. One man breaks his leg. Several others are hurt because of the cold. One man says that the weather changes very quickly. Nobody expects it. Mount Elbrus is the highest mountain of the Caucasus Mountains in Russia. It is 5,642 meters high. It is a volcano . The weather changes quickly there. Between 15 to 30 climbers die on the mountain every year.	On Thursday night, 19 climbers were trying to reach Mount Elbrus, the highest mountain of the Russian Caucasus Mountains. Suddenly, the sky turned dark, and a snowstorm came. Temperatures quickly dropped to minus 20 degrees Celsius, which was something that the climbers did not expect . They called for help, but it was too late. One woman decided to turn back because she did not feel well. She and four more people died, and the others were hurt. Mount Elbrus is a 5,642-meter-high volcano, which is not active . The weather changes very quickly there, and between 15 to 30 climbers die every year when they try to reach the top.	It was a dark and cold Thursday night on Mount Elbrus, the highest peak of the Caucasus Mountains, when a sudden snowstorm struck 19 climbers trying to reach the Russian summit . Strong winds, low visibility and temperatures that plummeted to minus 20 degrees Celsius began to hurt the group, and they called for help just after 5 pm local time. One woman, who turned back after feeling unwell, died in the arms of one of the guides. Four more people died after reaching the summit, with two freezing to death in the endless storm. Another climber broke his leg while guides suffered frostbite and other injuries. The route to the top of the 5,642-meter dormant volcano is known to be particularly dangerous, and between 15 to 30 people die each year attempting to reach its summit.
The large olive snakes live in the sea near Australia. The snake is more than two meters long. It is a venomous snake. Venomous means that if the snake bites someone, the person can die. Now it is the snake´s breeding  season . The snakes become very active. They look for a mate . The snakes mistake divers for their mates. They follow the divers. They curl around their feet. They attack the cameras. It is very dangerous. The snakes can attack divers at any time. The large olive snake is a reptile. Reptiles are cold-blooded animals like a snake, lizard, or crocodile. These animals lay eggs on the land near the sea. The olive snake breathes air. It still spends all its life in the sea.	Australian researchers found that the large olive snakes followed divers at the Great Barrier Reef. The snakes probably thought that the divers were other snakes. It was the snakes´ breeding season , and they became very active. They came close to the divers, curled around their fins , attacked their cameras, and made funny movements. The snakes could attack the divers at any time, which was very dangerous because the large olive snakes were venomous . The olive sea snake is the most common snake in the sea north of Australia, and it can be more than two meters long. Like other snakes, it breathes air, but it lives only in the sea.	Researchers from three Australian universities working on the southern Great Barrier Reef found that male snakes approached divers, coiled around their fins, and struck at camera reflections. The large olive sea snakes are especially active in the southern winter during breeding season. Divers are at risk of being bitten by the sexually aroused snakes who mistake the divers for their potential mates. The  stakes  are very high because the snakes have the capacity to bite humans with a deadly venom . The olive sea snake is the most common sea snake along the northern coast of Australia. Growing to lengths of over two meters, this species is well adapted to a life on coral reefs. It´s a true snake, and, like all reptiles , it breathes air. However, unlike the sea turtles, crocodiles, and other marine reptiles, which must nest on shore, the snake´s entire life occurs in the ocean.
People in Turkey watch TV. First they see a normal television programme. Then two bombs explode. 38 people die. It happens outside a football stadium. The Turkish government thinks that the attack is from the Kurdistan Workers’ Party. The minister says that the police are the main target because most football fans leave before the attack. Now people are more careful in Turkey. They are also very sad.	First people saw a normal television broadcast after a football match in Turkey, but then there were two bomb blasts that killed 38 people. This all happened outside a football stadium in Istanbul. No group claimed responsibility , but the Turkish government blames the Kurdish PKK forces for the attack. The Turkish interior minister said that the police were the main target because most football fans left before the attack. The country stays alerted and people are in mourning .	It seemed like a normal television broadcast after a football match in Turkey until there were two bomb blasts that killed 38 people. It all happened outside a football stadium in Istanbul. Although no group has claimed responsibility, the Turkish government blamed the Kurdish PKK forces for the attack. The Turkish interior minister said that the police were the main target as most fans left before the attack. The country remains on high alert and people are in mourning .
The US company Lucira makes a special test. It is a test for COVID-19. The test is special. People will be able to buy the test in drugstores in Spring 2021. People must go to the doctor now. The doctor gives the test. But many people wait for the test. They wait for results , too. Everything will be easier with the new test. People take the test at home. They use a special stick . They put the stick in their nose. A special device will show the result in 30 minutes. The test is very quick and easy. Many people are sick with COVID-19 in the US. Some companies promise to make a vaccine soon. It is still important to test many people before there is a vaccine.	The US organization that approves new drugs has approved the first COVID-19 testing kit . People will use the kit at home, and they will test themselves for COVID-19. People will use a special stick that is called a swab. There is a piece of cotton at the end of the stick, and people will put the stick in their noses. They will know the result within 30 minutes. The test will cost around $50, and people will be able to buy it in drugstores in Spring 2021. There have been many new cases of COVID-19 in the US. Some companies said that they would make a COVID-19 vaccine soon. But it is still very important to test as many people as possible. If people buy the test, they will not have to stand in long lines to get tested and wait several days for a result.	The US Food and Drug Administration approved the first COVID-19 self-testing kit for home use. The single-use test kit is good for people over 14 years old and it uses a self-collected nasal swab . It provides results within 30 minutes and according to the California-based manufacturer, Lucira, it will cost around $50. The kit is expected to be available nationally through health care providers by early Spring 2021. Although recent positive news from companies Moderna and Pfizer on potential COVID-19 vaccines has raised hopes of combating the disease, testing remains a key factor in controlling the spread of new cases which have soared across the US. Currently, people have to wait in lines for a test and they wait days for results.
Kate Middleton has her third child. He is a baby boy. He is healthy. People wait to know his name. This news is about these royal British babies. The royal family has many traditions . Some end and some still exist today. For example, royal babies were born in Buckingham Palace . Now, they are born at a hospital.	Kate Middleton had her third child recently. He is a healthy baby boy, and the world is waiting to know his name. This news takes a look at British royal baby traditions. The royal family does not have much privacy, but things used to be worse. There had to be witnesses at a birth to confirm it. This practice ended in 1948 ahead of the birth of Prince Charles. Another tradition that ended in the 20th century came with the birth of Prince Edward in 1964.He is the Queen’s youngest child and was the last royal to be born at Buckingham Palace. Prince William became the first heir to the throne to be born in hospital in 1982.	Recently, Kate Middleton had her third child who is a healthy baby boy and whose name is eagerly awaited by the world. This news is a look back at Britain’s history of royal baby traditions. The public obsession with royal births can seem a bit much, but it is a national tradition and used to be worse as witnesses had to be present at birth to confirm legitimacy . The practice ended in 1948 ahead of the birth of Prince Charles. Another tradition that ended in the 20th century came with the birth of Prince Edward in 1964 (the Queen’s youngest child) who was the last royal to be born in Buckingham Palace. Prince William became the first heir to the throne to be born in hospital in 1982. Through the ages, news of royal births has been spread by criers , telegraph and Twitter, but the easel has been the enduring method used by the palace to announce royal births.
There is a civil war in Yemen which last four years. There are separatists who want more control in the government . This brings many problems between the separatists and the government. The two sides are a part of a coalition. However, their relationship is not very good. Now, there is hope that the problems stop. The Yemeni government signs a deal with the separatists. The government wants to control the separatist soldiers. It wants to stop the fights. Officials say that the deal can help end the civil war.	Last Tuesday, the Yemeni government signed a deal with the separatists . The separatists were a part of a coalition in the government, but they wanted to get more control. Their fight for power lasted many months, and the new deal helped to stop the fight. The Saudi ambassador said that the separatists will be a part of a new government and the government will control their armed forces . The Saudi Crown Prince said that the deal can help end the civil war which started in Yemen four years ago.	Last Tuesday, the Yemeni government signed a deal with the separatists called the Southern Transitional Council, STC. The two sides signed the deal in Saudi Arabia´s capital, and broadcast it live on Saudi state TV. The aim of the deal is to end the power struggle which has lasted for many months. According to the Saudi ambassador, the STC will be included in a new government, and its armed forces will be under government control. The Saudi Crown Prince hopes that the deal will help end the civil war in Yemen which has lasted four years.
This news is about a man. He is from Brazil. He is old. He has white hair and a beard . When it is Christmas, he plays Santa Claus. He sits in a shopping centre. Children come to him. They talk to him about Christmas presents. There is something interesting about the man. He has many tattoos on his body. Ninety-four per cent of his body has tattoos.	A Brazilian artist plays a shopping mall Santa during the Christmas season. He has white hair and a beard so he fits the role. However, there is something interesting about this Santa Claus. Ninety-four per cent of his body has tattoos . Many of his tattoos are related to Christmas. You can find a picture of Jesus and Jingle Bells, for example. Yes, he is a very committed Santa player.	It’s not quite the classic Santa look, but children in Brazil will be queueing up to see this guy this Christmas. Brazilian artist Vitor Martins has been a shopping mall Santa in Sao Paolo for the past 15 years. And thousands of young Brazilian boys and girls will be revealing their Christmas lists to Santa Claus covered head-to-merry-toe in tattoos. The plump jolly old fella has part of the natural look for the part with his snow white hair and beard, so long as you dismiss the ink that covers about 94 per cent of his body. Anyone doubting Martins’ commitment to playing Santa has to do nothing more than have a quick glance at the artwork which covers his skin. Yep, from Jesus to Jingle Bells, there’s no shortage of Christmas-themed tattoos to show his dedication.
This news is about BB King. He was the King of Blues. He played the guitar. He was perfect at it. Recently, he went to hospital. He was not well. Then he went home. He was in hospice care . He died. He was 89. He died in his sleep. He died in Las Vegas.	The King of Blues, guitarist and singer BB King, died. He was 89 years old. He influenced a generation of rock guitarists and was one of the world’s best guitarists. King performed in at least a hundred concerts a year. Recently, he had an illness and people took him to hospital. Earlier this month, he said on Facebook that he was in hospice care at home. He died in his sleep in Las Vegas.	The King of Blues, guitarist and singer BB King, has died at the age of 89. BB King took the blues from rural  juke  joints to the mainstream and influenced a generation of rock guitarists from Eric Clapton to Stevie Ray Vaughan. He was best known for his hits “My Lucille,” “Sweet Little Angel” and “Rock Me, Baby” and will be forever linked with the Gibson Guitars he named Lucille. Rolling Stone Magazine placed him behind only Jimi Hendrix and Duane Allman in its list of the 100 greatest guitarists of all-time, and until recently, King performed in at least a hundred concerts a year. He was recently taken to hospital with a diabetes-related illness and earlier this month posted on Facebook that he was in hospice care at his home. He died in his sleep in Las Vegas.
Harvey Weinstein is a movie producer in Hollywood. A movie producer helps make movies. He is very famous. Some women say that Weinstein attacks them. They say he attacks them in 2006 and 2013. He attacks more women. However, it is a long time ago. A court in New York sends Weinstein to prison. He must stay there for 23 years. Authorities put Weinstein in prison with a very high level of security. This prison is for the most dangerous prisoners. Weinstein is 68 years old. He has health problems. His lawyers say the prison is very demanding for him. Authorities must find another prison for Weinstein. They must think about his health and safety. Weinstein´s lawyers want to ask a court to change the verdict .	Harvey Weinstein was a movie producer in Hollywood. Several women accused him of criminal sexual acts. Last month, a court in New York sentenced Weinstein to 23 years in prison. This week, authorities moved him from New York to a maximum-security prison near Buffalo. This prison has a high level of security, and the most dangerous prisoners stay there. It is not clear how long Weinstein will stay there. Authorities must choose a new prison for him. They must consider his health and safety. Weinstein´s spokesperson said that the decision to move him to another prison was very strict. Weinstein´s lawyers want to ask a court to look again at his case and to change the verdict .	Former Hollywood movie producer, Harvey Weinstein, has been sentenced to 23 years in prison.  Last month, he was convicted of criminal sexual acts and rape. His trial focused on the testimonies of two women who Weinstein assaulted in 2006 and 2013. Weinstein has been moved from New York to a maximum-security prison near Buffalo, and it is not clear how long he will stay there. During his stay, authorities will determine which state prison meets his security, medical, mental health, and other requirements. Weinstein´s spokesperson said that the decision to move him to the maximum-security facility was harsh, and that Weinstein´s legal team will file an appeal in the coming months.
The Tour de France is a very popular bike race. It takes place in France every summer. It lasts three weeks. It starts in the city of Nice. The last part is in Paris. This year, organizers change the date. The coronavirus is in France. The French government cancels all big sports events . The new date is in August. Organizers want to make the race safe for cyclists and spectators . Organizers do not want to cancel the race. It brings a lot of money. Companies give money to the teams. The teams show the companies´ logos on their sport dresses. It is a good business for everybody.	The Tour de France is the most important bike race in the world. It takes place in France, and it lasts three weeks. The race usually starts in June; however, this year, organizers changed the date. The French government banned large events until the middle of July. Therefore, the race will start on August 29. Organizers wanted to hold the race when the situation in France is not dangerous. They did not want to cancel the race because many people come to France to watch it, and many large companies want to sponsor the teams. Teams that take part in the race can earn a lot of money. They can get up to 70% of their income from this one race.	Cycling´s most prestigious race, the Tour de France, has been postponed. The rescheduling of the race comes as all of France is currently under lockdown. The three-week bike race was previously scheduled to start in Nice on June 27 and to end in Paris on July 19. However, large gatherings like festivals and sporting events will still be banned in France in mid-July. For this reason, organizers announced that the Tour de France will begin on August 29. It is important to hold the event in the best conditions possible because of its central place in cycling´s economy and its exposure . It can pay well to participate in this race because race teams can reportedly earn as much as 70% of their global revenue through sponsorship for this one event.
April 10 is Equal Pay Day for all people. An actress writes an essay. She asks why she makes less money than male actors. Another actor says that his co-star has an award for acting in a TV show. He asks why she makes less money than he does in that TV show. A woman quits from the BBC. She does this because the BBC pays women less money. A tennis star also wants equal pay for black women. Oprah Winfrey says that the ‘Time’s Up Movement’ is for all women of the world. It is not just for famous women.	April 10 was Equal Pay Day for all people. An actress wrote an essay and asked why she makes less than her male co-stars . Another actor said that it did not make sense for his female co-star to make less money than he did, especially when she won an award for her role . A BBC editor quit when she saw that women were not being paid equally at BBC. A tennis star also called for equal money for black women. Oprah Winfrey said that the ‘Time’s Up Movement’ is not just for famous women but for the women of the world.	April 10 was Equal Pay Day for all people. An actress wrote an essay in a newsletter asking why she makes less than her male co-stars. Another actor said that it did not make sense for his female co-star to make less than he did, especially when she won a Golden Globe for her role. In England, a BBC editor resigned when she found out that women were not being paid equally at BBC. A tennis star also called for equal pay for black women in the US. Oprah Winfrey explained that the ‘Time’s Up Movement’ is not just for the women of Hollywood but for the women of the world. She said that all cultures, races, religions, politics, and workplaces have been affected by inequality.
There is a very successful TV show for children. It is called Spongebob Squarepants. It is on TV for more than 20 years. People still like it today. Netflix is an American media company. It wants to do big business with another TV company. Netflix wants to make new parts of Spongebob Squarepants. It wants to be better than Disney Plus. Disney Plus is a new company with programs for children. Bill Fagerbakke is an actor. He gives his voice to one of the characters in the show. He remembers the start of the show. He does not like the show very much. He changes his opinion quickly. Now he is happy that children can watch it again.	Spongebob Squarepants is an animated TV show which started on TV in 1999 and it is still on TV today. Actor Bill Fagerbakke gave the voice to one of the characters. In the beginning, he thought that the show was not very good, but he quickly changed his opinion. He realized that it was very special. An American TV network wants to make business of more than $200 milion with Netflix. Netflix hopes to compete with Disney Plus, a new company with children´s programs. Stephen Hillenburg made Spongebob. He remembers how much he enjoyed animated TV shows when he was a child. He is happy to bring this feeling to today´s children.	Spongebob Squarepants, an animated TV show created by Stephen Hillenburg, first appeared on TV in 1999 and it is still running today. Actor Bill Fagerbakke, the voice of one of the characters, remembers how he felt when he first read the script of the show. He thought that it was a weird show for small children; however, he soon realized that Spongebob Squarepants was unique . Twenty years later, an American TV network, Nickelodeon, is preparing a deal with Netflix. The two companies are working on a deal worth more than $200 milion. Netflix hopes to attract more young viewers to be able to compete with Disney Plus, a new platform with children´s programes. Stephen Hilenburg is excited about the show and he is happy to represent the value of animation to today´s children.
A company in America produces something new. The company names it the XM42. It is a flamethrower. Anyone can buy it. It costs about 699 dollars (469 pounds). It shoots fire up to 25 feet (7.62 metres) away! People at the company say that the XM42 is not  dangerous . People need to point it away from people. People need to point it only at some things. It can help them. It can melt snow. It can burn bugs. It can burn plants that they do not want. The company needs money for the flamethrower. It asks for help on the internet.	A company in America is developing the first personal handheld flamethrower called the XM42. It will be a device anyone can buy and will shoot out fire up to 25 feet (7.62 metres) away. People at the company say that the XM42 will not be dangerous because it encourages people to use it away from people and things that they don’t want to burn. It says that it can do helpful things like melt snow and burn insects and plants. The company needs money to produce the XM42, so it is asking for help at a website.	If you live in America, you could soon own a personal handheld flamethrower. American company Ion Productions, which says it designs entertainment software and innovative  devices , is looking for funding to help it produce the XM42. The company says it will be the world’s first commercially available handheld flamethrower. Though they might easily be considered pretty dangerous weapons, the XM42 is actually considered to be legal in 48 US states. Only California and Maryland have laws regulating them. The XM42 shoots metres of fire and can be yours for just 699 dollars, which is around 469 pounds. While some may question the possible uses of a device that shoots out a stream of 25 feet (7.6 metres) of burning petrol, Ion suggests  melting snow, burning insects, and getting rid of garden weeds, to name a few . The company has said it strongly encourages  users to only use the flamethrower away from others and away from anything that could be accidentally set on fire. The XM42 is only at the development stage at the moment, and Ion is looking for funding from website Indiegogo to help it get through to production .
The Copacabana Beach is in Rio de Janeiro. The Olympics start there on the 5th of August. This is the first time that the Olympics are in South America. However, there are some problems. Crime is rising . The Brazilian economy is not good. And now, body parts wash up on the Copacabana Beach. Athletes are going to play on the beach only metres from the body parts. We do not know any details about the body. People think that the parts are from a right leg and foot.	Parts of a mutilated body washed up on the sands of Copacabana Beach. They were just metres from the place where beach volleyball athletes will compete in the Rio Olympics. The Olympics start on the 5th of August. The Olympics are happening in South America for the first time ever, but there are some problems. The crime in Rio is rising and the economy is not good. The incident on the beach is yet another stressful situation. People do not know the details behind the mutilated body yet, but people think that it is part of a right leg and foot.	Parts of a mutilated body have been washed up on the sands of Copacabana Beach just metres from where beach volleyball athletes will compete in the upcoming Rio Olympics. The discovery is the latest incident to unnerve the city as it grapples with rising crime and an economic recession, which is throwing shade on what should be a celebration of the Olympics being held for the first time ever in South America. The details behind the mutilated body are not yet known, but it’s thought that it’s part of a right leg and foot which lies beneath the makeshift cover. Concealed by a tarpaulin and corded off with sticks stuck in the sand, the body parts lay at the scene after the discovery was made. This beach vendor and witness says, “I was here on Copacabana Beach. A woman and a young guy passed by walking, they said up there in front towards Lemme Beach. There was part of a leg, just some remains of the belly, and I just didn’t believe it, so I went there to see it with my own eyes. I got up closer to there and it was real.” The Olympics, which start on the 5th of August, come at a time of political uncertainty and economic instability in Brazil, which makes incidents like this all the more unsettling .
A ferry is sailing . Around 200 people are on it. The winds and currents are strong. The ferry goes down. This happens in Bangladesh. Around 100 people are saved. People look for the other 100 people. We don’t know where they are. Maybe they swam to land. People are looking for the ferry, too. Accidents like this happen often in Bangladesh. A lot of people travel by water there.	A ferry with 200 passengers capsized in Bangladesh. Strong winds and currents caused the disaster. People saved about 100 passengers . The rest of them is still missing. It is possible that they swam to the riverbank . Teams of rescuers look for survivors as well as the boat. Bangladesh is known for ferry accidents. People travel by water a lot there.	A ferry with about 200 passengers on board has capsized in Bangladesh with half of those still missing. The boat went down in Padma River southwest of the capital after strong winds and currents tipped it over. While rescue teams have been able to save about 100 passengers, of those, two women were taken to hospital and later died. The remainder of those on board are still unaccounted for . Officials believe they may have swam to the riverbank but one of the survivors said that many couldn’t make it. Teams from the inland water transport authority, fire brigade and the army are helping to search for those missing, as well as the boat, which hasn’t been found. Bangladesh is notorious for ferry accident, as it has extensive inland waterways and little in the way of safety standards.
Scientists know that the coronavirus comes from bats . Many other viruses come from bats, too. Scientists want to know why. More than 1,300 kinds of bats are in the world. Some bats live in caves . Some bats live in forests. Different bats eat different food. Some bats eat fruit. Some bats eat small animals like frogs, birds, or fish. Some bats drink animal blood. This can be a reason why many different viruses live in bats. Bats have long lives. This is good for viruses. They have enough time to grow. Bats can fly. This means that their bodies are warm. It can be the reason why viruses are dangerous. They can live in warm places.	The coronavirus and many other dangerous viruses in the past came from bats and scientists wonder why. There are more than 1,300 kinds of bats and they are very different. Some bats eat fruit, some eat small animals, and some even drink the blood of other animals. Some bats live in forests and some live in caves . This diversity is probably a reason why bats host so many viruses. Scientists found out that bats host more viruses that can infect people than rats. Bats live quite long which means that viruses have more time to develop. Since bats fly, their body temperature is higher. This can be another reason why some viruses are so dangerous. They can live in warmer places.	The COVID-19 outbreak originated from bats, like many deadly viruses in the past, including the Ebola outbreaks in Western Africa. Studies have shown that bats are a natural reservoir to many different viruses, some of which have led to disease outbreaks. There are more than 1,300 different species in 20 families with some species roosting in forests while others in caves. Some eat insects, some eat fruit seeds and pollen, while others eat small animals such as birds, fish, and frogs. Some bats even feed on animal blood. This diversity may create the virus diversity and studies have shown that bats host more zoonotic viruses than even rodents. Other traits that make bats suitable as virus hosts include their size and longevity . Bats have long life spans that make it easier for viruses to persist. Also, bats are the only mammals capable of flying, which leads to higher body temperatures similar to human fevers. This means that some viruses have adapted to be more tolerant to high temperatures.
This news is about a chimp. It is in a zoo. The zoo is in Northern Japan. The chimp escapes . It goes to the city. It moves up in the power lines . People want to catch the chimp. It is not easy. They shoot it with a tranquilliser . The chimp falls asleep. It falls down. There are people on the ground. They try to catch the chimp. They don’t catch it. However, the chimp is fine.	In Northern Japan, a chimp escaped a zoo. The 24-year-old male climbed up power lines to try to get away. Workers and animal experts tried to use a cherry picker to get the animal down, but that did not work, so a veterinarian shot the chimp with a tranquilliser gun. After a moment, the chimp fell down. There were people on the ground who tried to catch him, but they failed. However, local media said that the chimp is fine.	At a zoo in northern Japan, authorities declared a twenty-four-year-old male chimp named Chacha missing after locals reported the primate roaming around their neighbourhood. The animal was scaling power lines when dozens of workers and animal experts tried to coax the animal down using a cherry picker . That did not work, so veterinarian shot Chacha with a tranquilliser gun. When the drug kicked in , the chimp fell down, and as he fell, he hit a lamp on the pole, which threw him off. He did not land in the nets and sheets that humans were holding below. Despite the seemingly painful fall, people reported that Chacha later made a full recovery.
A tanker crashes into a river in Wales, United Kingdom, last week. Milk is inside the tanker. 28,000 liters of milk get into the river. The river changes color. It is white. Many people drink milk. They do not think that milk can be dangerous. It can be very dangerous for animals in the river. It can kill the smallest animals. Fish eat these animals. Birds and other larger animals eat fish. If the smallest animals die, many other animals can die, too. The river begins to clear two days after the incident . Officials ask people to be watchful . People must report any dead fish. Scientists still watch the river and animals which live there.	Last week, a milk tanker crashed into a river in Wales, United Kingdom, and around 28,000 liters of milk spilled into the river. The river turned white, which some people found interesting, but they did not think that it could be dangerous. Officials said that the milk was very polluting , and it could destroy all the life in the river. If it killed zooplankton , fish would die. If fish died, other animals which ate the fish, for example, birds, would die, too. Two days after the accident, the river began to clear. Authorities still continued to watch the river and animals which lived there. Officials asked people to be more watchful and to report any dead fish.	On Wednesday, a milk tanker crashed into the River Dulais in Carmarthenshire, Wales, spilling its contents and turning the water white. According to officials, 28,000 liters of milk leaked, causing significant discoloration. Although milk may appear a benign substance that some people drink every day, once it gets into the water, it can affect hundreds of kilometers and become the equivalent of napalming a forest. Milk is seven times more polluting than cattle slurry , and it can affect the complex web of life that includes zooplankton which fish eat, plant life which rodents are reliant on, and the fish that birds feed on. The river began to clear two days after the incident; however, authorities continued to closely monitor the situation, the insects and animals along the waterway, and they asked people to report any dead fish that they spotted.
The US president Donald Trump and his wife Melania have the coronavirus. The news comes last week. Trump is feeling good. His wife is feeling good, too. They must stay in quarantine. It means that they must keep away from people. They can meet people when they are healthy again. However, the situation changes. A helicopter takes Trump to a hospital. Trump has a fever . Doctors say that Trump´s situation is not serious. However, doctors want to have everything under control. Trump is 74 years old. He is obese . COVID-19 can be more dangerous for him. People vote for a new US president next month. Donald Trump is one of the candidates . The second candidate is Joe Biden.	Last week, the US president Donald Trump and his wife Melania had positive tests for the coronavirus. Trump said that he and his wife were feeling good, and they would stay in quarantine . However, the next day, a special helicopter took Trump to a hospital. Doctors said that Trump´s state of health was good. However, doctors wanted to be very careful, and they wanted to reduce possible risks. Trump is 74 years old, and he is obese. It means that the coronavirus could be more dangerous for him. Doctors gave Trump a drug called Remdesivir, which stops the virus and make the symptoms less serious. Next month, Trump will face Joe Biden in the US presidential election .	On Thursday last week, the US president Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump tested positive for the coronavirus. On the same day, Trump made an announcement on his Twitter account that they would both begin their quarantine and recovery process immediately and that they were feeling good. However, on Friday, Trump was flown to hospital because doctors wanted to be extra careful, and they said that Trump would stay there for the next few days. Trump´s symptoms included fever; however, he did not require any supplemental oxygen. He was treated with an experimental drug  cocktail injection and the antiviral medication Remdesivir, which disrupts the virus´s ability to duplicate and can stop how long the symptoms take. Trump, being 74, and categorized as obese, is at a higher risk category for COVID-19. In exactly one month, Trump faces Joe Biden in the US presidential election.
Mitsi is a cat. She lives at a station in Israel. She lies around the station. She watches people. She sits on ticket gates . Many people like her. She makes them feel good. However, some people do not like cats. They are afraid of them. They can also be allergic to cats. The station manager knows this. He wants everyone to be happy. He is looking for a home for Mitsi.	Mitsi is a cat who lives at a train station near Tel Aviv, Israel. You can see her lying around the station or calmly resting upon a ticket gate. She became popular with the people at the station, as well as the Internet. To many commuters , she brings good feelings like peace and calm. However, some people can be afraid of animals, or have allergies. That is why the station manager is looking for a home for Mitsi.	Mitsi the cat, who lives at a train station near Tel Aviv, Israel, became a viral sensation . She can be seen lying around the station or calmly resting upon a ticket gate as commuters make their way through. She may bring calm, peace or a smile to a lot of people, but she cannot stay. Some people are scared of animals or have allergies. The station manager said that people are looking for a home for Mitsi where she would be looked after the same way that she is at the station.
There is a plan to protect ice seals. Ice seals are in danger because their habitat changes. The ice in the Arctic melts . Seals cannot live there anymore. Officials want to create a special area where the seals can live. This can increase the seals´ population . However, the US president, Donald Trump, does not help protect the seals. Trump wants to do oil and gas  drilling in the Arctic. This is very dangerous for the seals. The drilling can harm them. Officials want Trump to create the special area for seals by September of next year.	On Monday, The Center for Biological Diversity and the Commerce Department prepared a plan to protect two kinds of ice seals. These seals are on a list of endangered species because their natural habitat is changing. The climate change means that the ice is melting fast. The Center wants the government to create a special area for the seals; however, it says that Trump´s administration does not help to protect seals. Trump´s administration plans to open more land for oil and gas industry in Alaska. This is bad news because oil spills are dangerous for the seals. Monday´s deal wants the Trump administration to create the area for the seals by September 2020.	On Monday, The Center for Biological Diversity and the Commerce Department agreed to protect two species of ice seals. Bearded and ringed seals were listed as threatened under the Endangered Species Act in 2012 because of sea ice loss. The Center says that climate change is changing the seals´ habitat . The Endangered Species Act wants the government to create a designated critical habitat for a threatened species after it has been on the list for a year. The Center says that the Trump administration has not taken the required steps to protect the seals´ habitat. What is more, the administration plans to open more land for oil and gas drilling in Alaska´s Arctic Reserve. Monday´s agreement requires the Trump administration to issue a critical habitat rule for the ice seals by September 2020.
Some countries are becoming cashless . Britain is one of them. Ten per cent of people in Britain have no cash in their pockets. This is a problem for buskers . Luckily, there is a new app. You can give money to buskers with the app. The app is called “Busk”.	Some countries are becoming cashless. Ten per cent of people in the UK no longer have cash in their pockets, and one third of people have less than five pounds. This can be a problem for buskers who rely on cash. Luckily, there is an app which solves the problem. It is called “Busk” and it lets you tip buskers cashlessly. We will see if the app catches on . Some people may prefer to pass buskers “real” money, not just the digital type.	A new app has been created that could be putting more coins in buskers ’ pockets. Musicians like Dawson rely on cash from passers-by , but with fewer people than ever carrying money, he is hoping that a new app called “Busk” will secure his livelihood in an increasingly cashless world. “People say I’ve got no cash on me, and people generally, if they’re enjoying the show they want to show appreciation , if that’s in a monetary way, that’s great. So now they’ve got the opportunity to download the app and to pay you cashlessly.” Those behind the app hope that this will be a convenient solution to help people donate who aren’t carrying any cash. “Ten per cent of people in the UK no longer have cash in their pockets, and a full third of people have less than five pounds. So this is something that’s threatening to make people like Dawson a thing of the past.” But the question is would the public use it? “Well, I’m sure for very app-friendly people, it’s a very good idea, but I like the idea of actually passing over real, proper money. There’s a real kind of exchange of something physical rather than something virtual.” Whether it’s by cash, card or app, artists are ever grateful for the generosity of the public, however, big or small.
A drone race takes place in England. It is a relay race . There are four teams. They race around a course . The drones fly faster than 97 kilometres per hour. The pilots have first-person-view headsets. These are things that you wear on your head. They let you see what the drones see. The sport is becoming more popular. The pilots say that this sport is for everyone. You can be young or old. If you can see, you can fly.	A team drone relay race took place in England. Teams of four raced first-person-view drones around a course with obstacles and sharp turns. The drones can fly faster than 97 kilometres per hour. The pilots wore first-person-view headsets, which mean that they could see what the drones could see. There were monitors with a view for people to watch, too. The sport is becoming more popular, and the pilots say that this sport is for everyone. It does not matter if you are young or old, for as long as you can see, you can fly.	On your marks, get set, drone! A team drone relay race has taken place in Sussex. Teams of four raced first-person-view drones around a course complete with obstacles and tight hairpin  curves . The pilots, wearing FPV headsets, were treated to a drone’s-eye-view of the race, with a live feed linked between the cameras in their drones and their headsets. Spectators could also get a slice of the action, as monitors were set up by the course and headsets could be tuned in to the teams’ frequencies. The drones, which can exceed speeds of 60 miles per hour, were raced in pairs in 10-minute heats , with points awarded for flying through obstacles. The sport appears to be increasing in popularity. Elsewhere, high-profile races like the World Drone Prix, held in March in Dubai, have taken the sport to a new level. And, as this footage shows, flying isn’t as easy as it looks. But the pilots say this sport is for everyone. “It doesn’t matter whether you’re young or whether you’re old, you’ve both got an opportunity, as long as you can see, you can fly.”
Israel starts to fire from tanks into Gaza. A Palestinian journalist showed a video on social media. People are crying when their home shakes. Hamas continues to fire rockets into Israel. Many rockets are stopped by the Israeli defense system. Many Palestinian families leave their homes because bombs fall on their homes. The damage to Gaza is very big. In Israel, more fights between Jews and Arabs start. People break cars. People attack other people. Police take hundreds of people to a police station.	Israel began firing from tanks into Gaza. In a video which was shared by Palestinian journalists on social media, people were crying when their home shook. Hamas continued to fire rockets into Israel. Many of the rockets were stopped by the Israeli defense system. Many Palestinian families evacuated their homes because of the bombing. The damage to Gaza is very big. In Israel, more violence between Jews and Arabs started. People were destroying cars and attacking each other. Hundreds of people were arrested .	Israel has begun firing tank shells into Gaza, as troops gathered along the border. In a video shared by Palestinian journalists on social media, people can be heard screaming as their home shakes. Hamas and other militant groups continued to fire rockets into Israel, most of which have been stopped by the Israeli defense system. Many Palestinian families have evacuated their homes because of the big shells landing. The damage to Gaza has been widespread. In Israel, more intercommunal violence between Jews and Arabs has broken out . There has been ongoing rioting, destruction of property, and violent attacks on individuals. Hundreds of people have been arrested.
This story is about two polar bears. They were born in 1984. People moved them to a South African zoo in 1985. The two bears became friends. One of the bears has a heart attack . It dies. People find its body in the pool. The other bear gets depressed . It misses its friend a lot. The death breaks its heart. The bear gets ill. Its heart does not work well. People put it to sleep. It was the last polar bear in Africa.	Two polar bears arrived at the South African zoo in 1985. They were only a year old, and they became life-time partners. One of the bears suffered a heart attack. People found it dead in the pool in January. The other bear became the last polar bear in Africa, as well as a very depressed bear. It missed its friend a lot. The death broke its heart. The broken-hearted bear suffered liver and heart failure last week. It had to be put down .	A polar bear believed to be the last surviving on the continent of Africa has died, after months of “ pining ” for his long-time polar bear partner. On Wednesday, Johannesburg City Parks and Zoo said polar bear Wang had to be put down, after suffering liver and heart failure. Born in 1984, Wang was said to be heartbroken and depressed, taking the death of his life-long mate, Gee-Bee, very hard – tearing up toys and grass in the enclosure that they shared. Thirty-year-old Gee-Bee was found dead on January 13 in the pool of her Johannesburg Zoo enclosure, after suffering a heart attack. The two had been partners since they arrived at the South African zoo in 1985, each of them barely a year old. At the age of 30, Wang was considered to have reached the full lifespan for a polar bear in captivity. Staff at the Johannesburg Zoo said that they were “ distraught “.
This news is from Vienna, Austria. The Austrian Freedom Party organises a ball . The party is a far-right  party . The ball is part of the Viennese ball season. Some people do not like the ball. They protest against the far-right ball of the party. Police go in the streets. They watch the protesters.	The Austrian far-right Freedom Party in Vienna organised a ball. The ball takes place every year in the Homburg Palace, and it is part of the Viennese ball season. The ball usually attracts right-wing leaders from all over Europe, including members of the French National Front and German anti-Islam movement . Some people do not like that the political groups organise a ball and they protest. Hundreds of police are in the streets to watch the protesters.	Thousands of protesters have marched through Vienna’s city centre to demonstrate against an annual ball attended by members of European right-wing political parties and movements. The ball is to take place in the historic Hofburg Palace, part of which houses the office of Austria’s President Heinz Fischer. Organised by the Austrian far-right Freedom Party, the event is part of the annual Viennese ball season, usually attracting right-wing figures from all over Europe, including members of the French National Front and German anti-Islam movement. Protesters against the ball included members of left wing and anti- fascist groups, many of whom carried flags, and chanted slogans as they marched through the night streets. “We’re from the Offensive Against Right Extremism, and we’re here to protest fascists and neo-Nazis, and we are here to show the people there’s another world possible, a better world possible, where all the refugees that are coming now to Europe, they are being welcomed.” Over the years, the annual ball and its counter protest have become a regular flashpoint for clashes between demonstrators and the police. Hundreds of riot  police were seen patrolling the streets on Friday evening, but for these protesters, who amassed in their thousands, the message was clear: “Our goal is to protest this ball and to have it removed from the Hofburg which is after all an official building of the Republic of Austria.”
Apple launches a new iPhone. It is the iPhone 6s. People want this phone, and many of them just can’t wait. These people wait in front of Apple stores. They stand in a queue . They want to enter the store. One woman cannot leave work. Her boss tells her to use a robot, and she does! The robot waits in the queue for her. The new iPhone can take better pictures. It also has a new display. This display has “3D touch”. It knows how hard you press it.	The iPhone is a popular phone, and recently Apple launched the newest model – the iPhone 6s. Thousands of people around the world queued up in front of Apple Stores to get the phone as soon as possible. One woman could not leave work to get the iPhone, so her boss told her to use a robot, and she did! The robot was waiting in the line instead of her. The new iPhone has better cameras and it features 3D touch. 3D touch knows how hard you press on the display of the iPhone.	Apple’s latest iPhone models have hit stores across the globe, kicking off an expected global sales boom. Thousands of fans in the world’s capitals queued up overnight to get their hands on the latest gadgets as soon as doors opened. Many endured sleepless nights and bad weather, but it was all worth it in the end. “My boss at work suggested me I take one of their robots down and use it to, use it to stand in my place so I can carry on with everyday tasks.” “I’m really excited. I’m really a big fan of the iPhone and they have the strongest, their claiming to have the strongest screen , so I guess that’s another reason why I’m excited.” “I like to be the first to have it so… I just wanna have it now! I guess it’s a bit just selfish as I want to have it now, so I just wait in line and get it now!” “We make YouTube videos, and you know, a big thing is the new iPhone… So we’re like, well, why not be the first ones to get it? And we travelled here!” After a dramatic redesign last year in which the company enlarged the iPhone’s screen and added mobile payments, the latest versions boast more modest improvements. The new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus feature improved cameras and 3D touch, a display technology that responds according to how hard users press their screens. Apple claims demand for the smartphones could surpass the record-breaking sales of the iPhone 6 last year. Analysts expect 12 to 13 million phones to fly off the shelves in the first weekend.
Ford is a big car company. It is going through some changes. People are restructuring it. The restructuring costs $11 billion. When it is done, it will save Ford $600 million every year. Ford has around 70,000 employees worldwide. About 10% of them will lose their jobs. The company does not need them anymore.	The Ford Motor Company is planning a big restructuring that will cost the company $11 billion, but it will save it $600 million every year. Some Ford factories in Europe and Brazil are going to close, and Ford will no longer make some cars. Part of the restructuring is laying off around 10% of workers worldwide. Ten per cent is around 7,000 jobs – around 2,300 of those jobs are in the USA.	The Ford Motor Company is planning an overall restructuring which involves laying off around 10% of workers worldwide. Ford’s CEO announced the news in an email to employees on Monday 20th. The company plans to spend around $11 billion to restructure its business, which will save it around $600 million every year. Of the 7,000 total jobs being eliminated, roughly 2,300 are in the USA. The whole plan is not known, but some factories in Europe and Brazil are going to close, and the brand has stopped making some of its well-known passenger cars in North America.
There is a new law in Mexico. It is about exotic animals. Circuses in Mexico are offloading them. A teenager buys a tiger. It costs $300. It is a Bengal tiger. It is very young. It is 6 weeks old. It weighs 3 kilograms. There are only 2,500 wild Bengal tigers in the world. They are in India, China, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Myanmar. The teenager is from the USA. He wants to bring the tiger home. Police stop him. They arrest him. He is in big trouble. He can go to prison for 20 years.	A teenager from California bought a tiger cub in Mexico. The baby Bengal tiger cost $300. Circuses in Mexico are offloading exotic animals because of a new law. The cub was just 6 weeks old and weighed around 3 kilograms. There are only around 2,500 wild Bengal tigers in India, China, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Myanmar. Police arrested the teenager. If people find him guilty , he can go to prison for up to 20 years.	A teenager from California, USA, tried to smuggle a Bengal tiger cub less than 6 weeks old into the USA. He said that he bought it in the streets of Tijuana in Mexico for $300. Since Mexico’s law changed in 2015, circuses in the country have been offloading exotic animals. Police arrested the teen and he now faces up to 20 years in prison if people find him guilty. People took the little Bengal tiger to San Diego Zoo Safari Park. It currently weighs around 3 kilograms. According to the World Wildlife Foundation, there are only 2,500 Bengal tigers left in the wilds of India, China, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Myanmar.
There is a zoo in New York. The zoo has some new animals. They are the Komodo dragons. These animals are lizards . They are from Indonesia. A Komodo dragon eats other animals. Its prey can be big or small. The dragon bites its prey. Sometimes, the prey does not die quickly. The prey walks away, but the dragon waits. The prey dies in a few days. Why? The dragon’s saliva is toxic. There are three dragons at the zoo. Two of them are boys and one is a girl. They are still small. They are only teenagers. They will be bigger.	There is a new exhibit in a zoo in New York. Visitors can see three Komodo dragons there. Two are male and one is female. The trio is still just teenagers. They are just over five feet long (1.5 metres). The adult males can grow up to nine feet (2.7m) from nose to tail and weigh around 163 kilos. These dragons are from the Indonesian islands. They can eat small as well as large animals like deer and buffalo. If a dragon bites its prey and the prey does not die, the dragon can simply wait. The prey dies later because the dragon’s saliva is toxic.	The world’s largest lizard species returns to New York’s Bronx Zoo where an exhibit called “Amazing Monitors ” opens on Saturday. The zoo’s three Komodo dragons, two female and one male, will roam through the indoor space throughout the day, one at a time. The trio is still just teenagers and are just over five feet long (1.5 metres). The adult males can grow to nine feet (2.7m) from nose to tail and weigh around 163 kilos. These dragons are native to the Indonesian islands. Their diet consists of small and large mammals, including deer and buffalo, reptiles, including smaller Komodo dragons, birds, eggs, and carrion . And they’re efficient predators – they can consume up to 80 per cent of their body weight in one feeding. The Komodos’ bite can inflict a serious wound on their prey and their saliva contains a toxic mix of bacteria and venom fractions. So if the dragon’s bite doesn’t kill its prey swiftly , the saliva mix will ensure death within a few days. With a highly developed sense of smell, the lizards can track their dying prey for distances of up to almost ten kilometres. Despite all this, they are classified as vulnerable by the International Union for Conservation of Nature. Although they are classed as vulnerable, we’d be staying well back from the glass.
A man comes into a casino in Manila. He puts gasoline on the gambling tables. He sets them on fire. Thirty-six people die from the smoke. People panic. They start running away. Seventy people are injured in the panic. Authorities say that this is not a terror attack. The man’s motive is robbery . He steals £1.7 million in chips . However, the man later kills himself. Police find him dead. His body is in a nearby hotel.	A gunman stormed into a casino in Manila, poured gasoline on the gambling tables and set them on fire. Thirty-six people suffocated from the smoke and at least 70 people were injured in a stampede away from the fire. The Philippine authorities believe that the attack was not terror-related. The gunman’s motive was probably robbery, as he stole £1.7 million worth of chips. However, he was later found dead in a nearby hotel. It is possible that he killed himself.	A gunman stormed into a casino in Manila, poured gasoline on the gambling tables and set them ablaze . Thirty-six people suffocated from the smoke and at least 70 people were injured in the huge stampede away from the fires. Despite claims otherwise, the Philippine authorities believe that the attack was not terror-related, and that the motive of the gunman who stole £1.7 million worth of chips is thought to be robbery. However, people discovered the suspect dead in an adjacent hotel of a predicted suicide.
China has a big problem with the coronavirus . More people get ill every day. Wuhan, China, is the city where the sickness starts. The city builds two hospitals for people with the coronavirus. Builders work very fast. They want to build the hospitals in two weeks. They expect to finish both hospitals at the beginning of February. The hospitals have a big capacity . Many doctors and nurses come to Wuhan to help ill people. They work without breaks. The World Health Organization says that the problem with the coronavirus is global . The situation is very bad. Tourists are leaving China. Cities around the world are getting ready for the sickness.	The city of Wuhan, China, is building two hospitals that will help treat patients with the coronavirus. Workers at the building site are working 24 hours a day. The city plans to open both hospitals in the first week of February, and one hospital has room for 1,600 beds. Thousands of doctors and nurses moved to Wuhan to help fight the epidemic . They work constantly and help people who were in contact with the virus. China says the doctors cured five people who had the virus. The World Health Organization declared a global emergency. It said that the coronavirus is an international problem and that it is dangerous for public health.	The city of Wuhan, China, is continuing with the construction of two new coronavirus hospitals. According to China state TV, 40% of the work on Leishenshan Hospital has been completed. The hospital will have 1,600 beds, and it is set to be finished on 5th February, as planned. The work at the other site, Houshenshan Hospital, is due to be completed on 2nd February. Thousands of doctors and nurses moved to Wuhan to fight the virus epidemic. Medical personnel are working constantly to treat patients who came into contact with the virus. The World Health Organization has officially declared the coronavirus outbreak a global emergency. The emergency committee almost unanimously concluded that the outbreak is a public health emergency of international concern . Meanwhile, China claims that it has cured five patients infected with the virus.
Ryan Kaji is a YouTube star. He makes his first videos when he is three years old. Kaji opens boxes with toys in his videos. These are home videos. Many people love them. Kaji becomes very popular. 29 million people watch Kaji. Kaji´s videos get 45 billion views in five years. He starts to make different videos. He has eight channels now. One of Kaji´s channels is about exercise. Another channel is about crafts . Kaji shows people how to paint or how to do different things at home. Kaji and his parents make a lot of money on YouTube. They make ads . They sell things. They make millions of dollars in the last three years.	Ryan Kaji started his own YouTube channel when he was only three years old. He shared videos in which he opened the boxes with toys, and he said how he liked them. Kaji became very popular and his videos got over 45 billion views since 2015. Ryan´s World became the highest earning YouTube channel for each of the last three years. Kaji has eight different YouTube channels. He makes videos about opening new toys, exercise, or crafting. In the crafting videos, Kaji tells how to do things like painting or making your own toys at home. Kaji´s channels make millions of dollars from ads , which is the usual way of making money on YouTube. Kaji also makes millions of dollars from sponsoring .	Ryan Kaji is one of the most popular YouTube creators in the world with a main channel that´s drawn 29 million subscribers. Kaji first appeared on YouTube at the age of three in informal home videos where he unboxed and reviewed toys. Thanks to his onscreen charisma and the inexplicable logic of YouTube, Kaji´s videos amassed billions of views. Toy unboxing clips, which got their start partly with Kaji, became their own type of video on the site. According to estimates from Forbes, for three years running, Kaji has made more money than any other YouTuber. Subscribers can follow eight separate channels consisting of opening new toys, exercise, or crafting projects. For Kaji and his family, subscribers generate millions of dollars in annual ad revenue which is the traditional form of income for YouTube celebrities. Besides this, product merchandising and sponsorship generated more than 250 million dollars in sales in 2020.
This news is about measles. Measles is an illness . It attacks the organs for breathing . In the USA, people have problems with the measles. There are many cases of measles. From January to March of 2019, there are more cases of measles than in all of 2018. The situation is bad. American leaders are trying to do something about it.	From January to end of March, there were more cases of measles in the USA than in the whole year of 2018. Measles is an illness which affects the respiratory organs (the organs for breathing). It can spread easily from person to person, but vaccination can prevent it. There are six places in the USA where measles is a big problem. One of them is the state of New York. In one of its areas, unvaccinated children must not be in public spaces.	The American health organisation CDC (the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention) reported that the number of confirmed measles cases in the USA so far this year is higher than for all of 2018. Measles is a respiratory illness that is highly contagious but vaccine-preventable. Health regulators recommend the children be immunised against 14 preventable diseases by the time that they are six years old. The CDC says that there are six outbreaks in the USA – that includes the state of New York where a state of emergency was declared. In Rockland County, unvaccinated children were also banned from public spaces. If states do not enact stricter vaccination rules, the federal government might step in with nation-wide measures.
A tourist is in South Africa. She is 22. She is in a car. She is in a game reserve . The car windows are not closed. Windows should be closed. A lion moves to the car. It stops one metre from the car. The woman takes pictures. The lion attacks. It bites the woman. She dies. The driver of the car is also injured .	An American tourist was in a car at a game reserve in South Africa. A lioness walked quite slowly towards the car and stopped a metre away. The 22 year-old woman took pictures of it. The lioness attacked. She bit the tourist through the window which was down. An ambulance was there within minutes, but the woman died. Tourists are always told to keep the car windows closed, but some do not listen. The driver of the car was also injured, but he will be fine.	A lioness has mauled a tourist to death in a game reserve in South Africa. The 22 year-old American had been photographing the lioness from the car with the window down when the animal attacked her at the game reserve located 20 miles north of Johannesburg. “According to the witnesses, it walked quite slowly towards the car and stopped roughly a metre away. The lady was busy taking pictures of it. The lion then sort of  lunged at the car and it bit the lady through the window. Our staff immediately rushed over to chase the lion away, and the gentleman that was driving, he sustained some injuries to his arms trying to get the lion out as well. Our staff chased the lion away and we immediately called for an ambulance and ER24 was here within minutes, but unfortunately, while they were treating the lady, she did pass  away .” This tragic event has reminded visitors of the need to heed the warnings laid out by staff at the game reserve. “We hand them a slip of paper at the entrance just saying, please keep your windows closed, we explain to them why. But despite this it seems that the windows were still down.” A male South African companion was also injured when he tried to help the woman. He is being treated for injuries to his arm which are not life threatening and staff have decided not to put the lion down . Local media are reporting the woman’s death marks the third incident in the past four months at the park.
A shop has a visitor. The visitor is a monkey. A man in the shop gives a piece of fruit to the monkey. Then the monkey goes into the shop. He sits on a chair. Then he takes some money and he runs away. The monkey is a thief ! The man wants the money back. He tries to give the monkey a banana. The monkey does not want it. He runs away with 10,000 rupees. This is about 150 US dollars. The man knows this monkey. The monkey was at the shop before. Now the man is more careful .	Last month, an unusual thief visited a jewellery shop. The thief was a monkey. First, an employee of the shop noticed the monkey sitting outside the shop door and he offered a piece of fruit to the monkey. Shortly after that, the unsatisfied monkey pushed open the door and went inside the shop. He took a seat in an office chair, relaxed, then took some money and ran off with it. The employee tried to offer the monkey a banana in exchange for the money, but the thief did not want it and escaped into the street with about 10,000 rupees, which is about 150 US dollars. Shop staff said that they saw this monkey before. They will be more careful now if he comes back again.	An employee of a jewellery shop in India gave a piece of fruit to a seemingly friendly monkey sitting outside the shop door. However, shortly after, the primate pushed open the door and made itself at home. It took a seat in an office chair, then suddenly opened a drawer and took out a bundle of notes. Seeing the robbery unfold , the desperate employee tried to offer the monkey a banana in exchange for the money, but the thief obviously had its sights set high and rejected the offer. It escaped into the street with about 10,000 rupees, which is about 150 US dollars. Shop staff said that they had spotted the monkey hanging around before, and no doubt they will be more careful if it comes back again. The security camera of the animal robbery became viral .
Elon Musk is the boss of the company Tesla. Tesla has a factory in Alameda County , California. The factory is closed. The government closes all factories in March. The coronavirus is there. The situation is better now. Factories want to open again. However, local health officials must agree with it. Health officials in Alameda Country say that factories cannot open. Musk is very angry. Musk wants to move the factory to Nevada or Texas. These countries have less strict  rules . Alameda County officials say that they talk with Tesla. They make a plan for safety together. However, Tesla says that it is not true.	Tesla’s CEO, Elon Musk, is thinking that he will move the company´s California factory. Tesla has a factory in Alameda County, California, and health officials said that factories in this county cannot reopen yet. California has started to ease coronavirus restrictions that have lasted since the end of March. The country´s authorities said that factories can start to reopen; however, health officials in each county must agree with it. Officials in Alameda County decided that factories cannot reopen, which made Musk very angry. Musk said that he would move the factory to Nevada or Texas, because these countries have less strict rules. Officials said that they were working on a safety plan with Tesla; however, the company says that it is not true.	Tesla’s CEO, Elon Musk, has threatened to pull the company out of California. The reason is that Alameda County, where Tesla has a factory, chose not to allow factories to reopen yet. California´s stay-at-home order for the coronavirus started in late March, and some parts of the state have been allowed to ease restrictions. However, new official information released on Thursday allowed manufacturing operations to reopen, depending on the judgment of county health officials. Officials decided not to allow reopening in Alameda County, and Musk claimed that Tesla would move to Nevada or Texas because these states are less restrictive than California. The county said that it had been working with Tesla to make a safety plan. However, the company claims that the county´s health officials have not returned calls or emails.
When we cross the street, we wait for a sign that shows a green man. In one Australian city, this green man does not wear trousers. The city of Melbourne is now in the news because it changes a man to a woman on some traffic lights. An important lady from Melbourne says that it is not OK when we see only a green man on the sign. She thinks that we also need a green woman. Some of Melbourne’s men do not think the same. One of them says that for him it is only a light. He does not think of it is a man or a woman. The mayor of Melbourne is a man. He also is not sure about the change. He thinks that it will not help women feel any better. The plan is to have these new crossing lights in the city for one year at least .	When we cross the street we must wait for the green man on the crossing sign, but in one Australian city, he no longer wears trousers. The city of Melbourne is now in the news because it changed some of the pedestrian lights from men to women. A member of the Melbourne city board thinks that to see only a male figure is not right. She hopes that the female figure will make our world more equal. However, some of Melbourne’s men ask if it is at all necessary. One of them said that for him, it is only a crossing light. He does not think of it is a male or a female figure. Melbourne’s mayor is a man. He also is unsure that his daughters will feel better because the signs now show women. The lights will stay in place for at least one year.	When we cross the street, we are used to waiting for the green man on the crossing sign, but in one Australian city the man no longer wears pants . The city of Melbourne has made headlines around the world. It changed some of its pedestrian lights from men to women. This was an effort to cross the gender gap . A member of the Melbourne city board said that we are used to seeing only a male figure on the crossing sign. People call Melbourne the world’s most livable city and she thinks that it could be also called one of the world’s most equal cities. However, some of Melbourne’s men wonder if it is at all necessary. One of them said that for him, it is only a crossing light. He does not think of it is a male or a female figure. Melbourne’s mayor is a man. He also is unconvinced that his daughters will feel more empowered as young women because the signs now show women. The lights will stay in place for at least one year.
Many bombs were dropped on Germany in World War II. Around 15% of the bombs did not explode. They stayed underground. This is dangerous. Some bombs are even under buildings. World War II ended in 1945. That is 70 years ago. There are still bombs in Germany. People find them. They move them to a remote place. There, they let the bombs explode.	Seventy years after the end of World War II, bombs still haunt Germany. Many of them were cleared at the end of the war, but not all of them can be seen. Many of them are buried underground. Every year, more than 2,000 tons of live bombs are found. Sometimes, they are under buildings and must be moved to a safe place where they are detonated . During the war, the country was pummelled by 1.5 million tons of bombs. Around 15 per cent of those bombs did not explode and were buried up to 6 metres underground. People find fewer and fewer bombs, but nobody can say when it will be over.	Seventy years after the end of World War II and Germany is still haunted by unexploded bombs buried deep within the country’s soil. Every year, more than 2,000 tons of live bombs and munitions are found, sometimes under buildings. While they are mostly defused or detonated in controlled blasts , they cause major disruptions with people being evacuated. They also have been known to explode at random, causing damage to buildings and even deaths. At the police blasting ground in Berlin’s Grunewald forest, they’re trying to safely detonate as many of stockpile munitions as possible. The sound of air raid sirens warns of the impending danger before a chain of explosions rocks the otherwise quiet woodland. Hardly a week goes by in Germany without a bomb being found. The country was pummelled by 1.5 million tons of bombs during the war, and German officials estimate that 15 per cent of those bomb failed to explode and could be buried up to 6 metres deep. In Berlin alone, 56 tons of ordnance were retrieved last year, and according to police explosions expert Detlef Jaab, there is no end in sight. “Of course more were found earlier. There was a lot lying around at the end of the war – that was all cleared but there is still no end in sight. It is gradually becoming fewer and fewer, but nobody can say when it will be over.”
Do you know what synchronized swimming is? There is something similar. It is a big hit in Japan. It is synchronized walking. It is famous because of a video. The video shows synchronized walking. You can watch this video on YouTube. Many people already watch it. The Japanese people like synchronized walking very much. They watch it at a stadium . University students perform the synchronized walking.	You have probably heard of synchronized swimming in which the swimmers move in patterns in the water to music. Well, there is a new sport similar to it in Japan. It is called “Collective Action” or “Shudankodo” in Japanese. It has become very popular thanks to a YouTube video which went viral last year. Students at a famous university in Japan practiced three days a week for five months. They performed their “Shudankodo” at a stadium recently. It was an interesting sight. You should see the video of it!	Most people are familiar with synchronized swimming, but have you heard of synchronized walking? To some, it may sound crazy, but people in Japan love it. The activity is called “Shudankodo” in Japanese or “Collective Action” and it has gained massive popularity after a YouTube video went viral last year. A group of students at Nippon Sports Science University, which is famous for producing many Olympic gold medallists, sumo wrestlers and politicians, have been practising three days a week for five months to perfect the group’s walk.
This news is about a man. He is from Vietnam. He has a traffic accident. He goes to hospital. Doctors operate on him. He leaves the hospital. He is not OK. He is in pain . He is in pain for 18 years. Doctors take an X-ray of his belly. There are scissors inside him! The doctors left the scissors inside him 18 years ago ! The scissors must come out. The man goes to the same hospital. Doctors take out the scissors. Now the man is OK.	18 years ago, a man from Vietnam had a traffic accident. He went to hospital and had an operation. After leaving the hospital, he was still in pain. He often felt sharp pain in his abdomen . This lasted for 18 years. After the 18 years, doctors took an X-ray of his abdomen. The picture showed scissors inside him. The doctors from 18 years ago had forgotten the scissors inside him! Doctors had to remove these scissors. The man trusted the same hospital. Doctors finally removed the scissors and now the man is fine.	18 years ago, a man from Vietnam had a traffic accident. He had to go to surgery but ever since he had been experiencing frequent sharp pains. Almost two decades later, an X-ray showed surgical scissors lying inside his abdomen . The doctors had left them inside him 18 years ago! Now, he has trusted the same hospital in northern Vietnam to remove the sharp tool. Doctors said that he is recovering and without a broken, rusty pair of scissors.
This happens in a town in Sweden. Two crowns and an orb are on display . Two men take them. They get away on a boat. Police look for the men. They look from helicopters and from boats. The jewels are 400 years old. They are very important for Sweden.	Two crowns and an orb were on display in a cathedral in a town in Sweden. The artefacts are over 400 years old, and King Karl IX and his wife Kristina used them. Unfortunately, two thieves stole the artefacts. People saw them getting away on a boat, and now the police are looking for them from helicopters and from boats.	In Sweden, a manhunt is under way after two men allegedly stole royal jewels dating back to the 17th century. The artefacts were on display in a cathedral in a town in the south east coast of the country. A witness described how the thieves made a quick getaway via a boat waiting on Lake Malaren. Authorities have been using helicopters and boats in the search for the precious jewels – they are missing two crowns and an orb . King Karl IX and his wife Kristina used these artefacts.
A Catholic priest rides a hoverboard during Christmas Eve Mass in the Philippines. People in the church like his Christmas song, but his bosses don’t like it. His bosses say that the priest’s actions are wrong. He has to stop his work for some time and think about it. This can help him. 81% of the Filipino people are Catholics.	A Catholic priest lost his job for a while because he was riding a hoverboard during Christmas Eve Mass in the Philippines. People who visited the church liked his version of a Christmas song, but his performance has since received a mixed reaction. His bosses said that the Filipino priest’s actions were wrong and that he is now out of his job for a little while to take time to think about his actions. They hoped that this would act as a wake-up call . 81% of the people in the Filipino population define themselves as Catholic.	Not your usual church sermon ! This Catholic priest has been suspended for riding a hoverboard during Christmas Eve Mass in the Philippines. Father Albert San Jose’s rendition of a Christmas song seemed to have gone down well with churchgoers at the time, but has since received a mixed reaction. The Diocese of San Pablo said the Filipino priest’s actions were wrong and that he is now out of the parish to take time to reflect . They hoped this would act as a wake-up call. With 81% of the Filipino population defining themselves as Catholic, it is often the case that the country’s culture and society has had a close relationship with the teaching of the Church. On this occasion, however, Father Albert may be wishing he’d stayed at the altar .
This news is about North Korea. Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un meet in June. They sign an agreement . It is about removing nuclear weapons. However, the agreement is not very specific. People do not know what North Korea is doing now. There is a project which is not part of any country. The project looks at North Korea. It finds 20 missile bases . People do not know about these missile bases. North Korea does not say that it has them. They are secret. This new information comes before another meeting of Trump and Kim. They are going to meet in February in Vietnam.	Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un signed an agreement in June. It is about removing nuclear weapons. However, the agreement was not specific enough and people do not know what North Korea is doing now. There is a new report from Beyond Parallel, which says that it is a non-partisan project. The project found 20 undeclared missile bases in North Korea. The report says that one of them is one of the oldest and is historically very important. The report comes ahead of a planned second meeting between Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un. It is set to take place in Vietnam in February.	Donald Trump and Kim Kim Jong-un signed a vague denuclearisation agreement in June, but there has been no evidence of North Korea disassembling its missile program. Furthermore, Beyond Parallel looked into North Korea. Beyond Parallel is a self-described ‘ non-partisan or authoritative analytic’ project that the Centre for Strategic and International Studies sponsors. The project found a secret operational ballistic missile base in North Korea. The report says that this one is one of the oldest bases, and one of about 20 undeclared missile operating bases in the country. In the past, the base reportedly housed medium-range ballistic missiles and ‘figured prominently in the historical development of the North Korean force.’ The report comes ahead of a planned second meeting between Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un in February, which people expect to take place somewhere in Vietnam.
Drones are very popular. Filmmakers use drones very often. They fly over natural places and cities, too. One city bans drones. It is the French capital, Paris. France has very strict drone laws. Drones cannot fly over Paris. People who do it pay a big fine . This is a problem for drone pilots. They cannot work. They lose money. Officials say that drones are dangerous. A drone can hurt someone if it falls. Another problem is that drones are not safe. Some people can use a drone to attack people.	Drones are becoming very popular with filmmakers and also amateurs . Many tourists want to make a film of a place which they visit. There is one city where it is not possible to use drones; it is the French capital, Paris. France has very strict drone laws and officials classified Paris as a no-fly zone. It means that no drones can fly over Paris, and if so, drone pilots have troubles with police, and they pay big fines . Drone pilots are not happy with this law because they cannot do their work. There are two main reasons why drones cannot fly over Paris. The first reason is that if drones fall, they can be dangerous for people. The second reason is security because officials worry that some people can use drones as weapons.	Who wouldn´t want to take home a film of the Louvre seen from above? With its multiple monuments, the French capital Paris is a very attractive destination for drone pilots. Unfortunately, what´s supposed to be an unforgettable souvenir , sometimes becomes one for a different reason. This is when the amateur drone pilot gets arrested and prosecuted for breaking the very strict French drone laws. The French drone laws have been reinforced regularly since the use of drones for leisure purpose has developed. Under the current drone laws, Paris has been classified as a no-fly zone. This means it´s not allowed to fly a drone in any place in Paris, either public or private. Civilian drone pilots face a livelihood challenge with police systematically  rejecting requests to fly drones over Paris. The reasons are to protect the public from the risk represented by falling drones and for security concerns regarding the use of drones as potential weapons.
Many people are sleeping less. It is a big problem mainly in big cities. People like routines. A routine means that they like doing usual things at usual times. They wake up or go to sleep at the same time every day. They eat at the same time. Then the coronavirus changes people´s routines. It makes people upset . They have problems with sleeping. People get ill more easily if they do not sleep enough. They can have more serious health problems, for example, heart disease or obesity . People can also have problems thinking clearly. They take more risks. Risks are times when you might get hurt. It is very dangerous. Many people do not think that it is important to sleep enough. They sleep less because they want to do more work.	Especially in big cities, people sleep less and less, and it has a big impact on their physical and mental health. The COVID-19 pandemic caused people to sleep less and the quality of their sleep was worse. The reason was stress . Many people could not do the things which they normally did, so they got up and went to sleep at different times. This was not good because they needed routines in their lives. When people do not sleep enough, they are at higher risk of some diseases such as heart disease or obesity . Less sleep also affects their mood and thinking. Another problem is that many people think that they have to sleep less so they can work more.	Sleep deprivation is a global issue in all the major cities around the world where the amount of sleep decreasing over decades. Now, the decrease is growing with the onslaught of the COVID-19 pandemic. Stress plays a major role in how we sleep. People are meant to have some kind of routines, and many people lost them during the pandemic and especially during lockdowns. People woke up and went to sleep at odd times, they ate at odd times, and all of that definitely affected their biological rhythms . Sleep is essential to health, along with nutrition and good exercise. Good quality and good quantity sleep keeps us healthy, and the lack of sleep adds to increased risk of heart disease, obesity, diabetes, and mood disorders. It also affects our higher thinking functions such as problem solving, planning, decision making, risk-taking and, controlling our impulses. People tend to think that they have to sleep less so that they can work more.
It is Lunar New Year. In China, thousands of people celebrate . People get together with their families. They have dinner parties. People also burn joss sticks . They believe that these sticks can brings them good luck. In North Korea, people celebrate, too. They put flowers below the statues of their leaders. They bow to the statues. In Singapore, people also celebrate. They have many fireworks.	It is Lunar New Year . In China, thousands of people are celebrating. People are re-enacting historical ceremonies, and families are coming together and having parties. People also burn joss sticks to bring them good luck. In North Korea, people celebrated by putting flowers at the statues of their leaders. North Korea did not have this holiday in the past. Now it does, but people must give respect to their leaders. In Singapore, people celebrated with many fireworks.	On February 5 th , Lunar New Year began. This year is the Year of the Pig . In China, thousands of people celebrated it. Some performers re-enacted historical ceremonies, while people had family meetings and parties. Others burned the first joss sticks of the year to bring them good fortune. In North Korea, people celebrated the new year, too, although a bit differently. They laid wreaths at the statues of their leaders and bowed to them. North Koreans did not use to recognise Lunar New Year, but now it is a holiday there, too. However, North Koreans must pay their respects to the country’s leaders. In Singapore, people celebrated by having fireworks displays.
A man was a lobster hunter. Now, he helps Tasmania’s giant lobsters. The giant lobster lives in fresh water. It is losing its habitat . Fishing is also hurting it. Less than 100,000 giant lobsters live in Tasmania. The man says that the giant lobsters were really big. They were around 6 kilos heavy. The big lobsters are dead. Today’s lobsters are smaller. Their claws are strong, however. They can break bones.	A former lobster hunter is now helping Tasmania’s giant lobsters. The giant lobster is a freshwater crustacean . It is under threat by habitat destruction and fishing. Experts think that there are less than 100,000 lobsters left in the country. The man says that giant lobsters were as big as 6 kilos in the past, but people killed them off long ago. The current giant lobsters can be as big as a medium-sized dog and have claws strong enough to break bones.	A former lobster hunter, Todd Walsh, is now a conservationist who is helping Tasmania’s giant lobsters. The crustacean is a freshwater animal that is threatened by habitat destruction and fishing. Experts believe that there are less than 100,000 remaining in the country. Walsh now uses his skills in catching lobsters to be able to protect them. He says that there were lobsters that were up to 6 kilos, but they were decimated a long time ago. The current giant lobsters can be as big as a medium-sized dog and have claws strong enough to crush bones.
This news is about the Philippines. The country has a new president. His name is Rodrigo Duterte. He wants a war on drugs. The Philippines and the USA are allies . However, the USA does not like Rodrigo Duterte’s war on drugs. The two countries stop working together. China supports the war on drugs. Duterte visits China. He gives a speech. He separates the Philippines from the USA. He becomes allies with China and Russia instead.	Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte visited China, where he announced the country’s separation from the USA. He teamed up the Philippines with China and Russia. He said that there are three of them against the world, and that it is the only way. The Philippines and the USA were always allies , but things started to get bad when Duterte became president. Duterte’s war on drugs is too extreme for the USA, but it is OK with China.	Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte announced his separation from the USA during his visit in China. He aligned himself with China and Russia, saying that there are three of them against the world and that it is the only way. The relationship between the Philippines and the USA deteriorated since Duterte’s election this year. The new relationship is a reversal in foreign policy for the country. Unlike the old ally , China has supported Duterte’s hard-line drug war.
People start a competition in Petaluma, California, USA. The competition is for ugly dogs. This is over 50 years ago. Now, the competition is popular. People like to come with their dogs. This year, we have a new winner. The dog has a short body. People say that the dog likes to jump and to play. His short body does not stop him. They also say that he is important. He teaches people about tolerance . Many of the dogs in the competition come from animal shelters .	Over 50 years ago, the ugliest dog competition started in Petaluma, California, in the USA. It has stayed popular since then  as it gave out an award each year to the ugliest dog. This year, a dog with a short body won the award. Organisers of the competition said that despite his short body, the dog likes to jump and to play. They also said that his appearance teaches people to accept differences. Many of the dogs in this year’s competition came from animal shelters .	Mirror, mirror, on the wall, who is the fairest of them all? Well, certainly not Quasimodo! This 10-year-old pit bull and Dutch shepherd mix has just been crowned the world’s ugliest dog at the annual competition in Petaluma, California. Quasimodo hails from Florida and was rescued from an animal  shelter . Multiple spine defects have resulted in a backbone too short for his body, but that has not held him back! According to event organisers, he loves to jump and play and because of his appearance, he is a great ambassador for teaching people about acceptance and tolerance. Last year, he was runner-up in the competition, but this year, Quasimodo managed to beat 19 other finalists for the title. The winner takes home $1,500 US dollars and can expect to make many local and national TV appearances. Many of those competing were shelter dogs. The first competition was held over 50 years ago in Petaluma, and owners have been taking their pets to compete ever since. Perhaps it’s not so bad to be dog-ugly !
This happens in New Zealand. A captain catches a squid. This squid is giant. It is brought to a museum. People study it there. The squid is a female . It weighs 771 pounds (350 kg). Its eyes are 13 inches (33 cm) across. Its arms are over one metre long. This is the captain’s second big squid. He caught the first one seven years ago. That one was even bigger. It weighed 1102 pounds (500 kg).	A sea captain caught a giant squid in December. It was brought to a museum in New Zealand and the people there froze it. Recently, they defrosted and examined it. The squid is a female and it weighs 771 pounds (350 kg). Its eyes are 13 inches (33 cm) across, and its arms are over one metre long. The captain caught his first giant squid seven years ago. It was even bigger than the second one. It weighed 1102 pounds (500 kg). It is in the same museum, but we don’t know if it will be on public display.	Imagine coming face to face with this! It’s a colossal squid, hauled from the Ross Sea in New Zealand last December. Now, though, scientists at a museum in Wellington have defrosted and examined it. Skipper , John Bennett, caught the female squid. “The squid came up on the line, we could see it down the dips as it was coming up and all of a sudden alongside we had this beautiful perfect sample of a colossal squid.” Kat Bolstad from Auckland’s University of Technology discovered that the squid is a female, weighing around 771 pounds (350 kg), has eyes that are 13 inches (33 cm) across and arms measuring over one metre long with large suckers. Mr Bennett caught his first colossal squid seven years ago. It weighed 1102 pounds (500 kg) and is also on display in the same museum, though it’s yet to be decided if this squid will be on public display .
Archaeologists in Egypt find more than 80 coffins . They find the coffins in Saqqara. Saqqara is a place 30 kilometers away from the capital city of Cairo. Many coffins are in Saqqara. The famous Pyramid of Djoser is there, too. Archaeologists find some sarcophagi . A sarcophagus is a stone case. Inside it is a dead body. People in ancient Egypt put bodies of somebody important in sarcophagi. Archaeologists find some wooden statues, too. They are 2,500 years old. The political situation in Egypt changes in 2011. Many people are afraid to travel to Egypt. It is important to bring tourists back. New discoveries can help tourism.	Archaeologists in Egypt discovered more than 80 ancient coffins . Archaeologists made the amazing discovery in Saqqara, which is a large burial site 30 kilometers south of the capital city. In Saqqara, there is also one of the oldest pyramids in the world, the Pyramid of Djoser. The discovery included sarcophagi and wooden statues that were around 2,500 years old. Some of the statues were painted, and some were covered with gold. Archaeologists plan to give details about the discovery later this week. In 2011, the political situation in Egypt changed dramatically, and many people were afraid to travel to the country. Now, Egypt is trying to bring tourists back, and new discoveries could help the effort.	Over 80 ancient Egyptian coffins were discovered in the vast burial complex of Saqqara, which is also home to one of the world´s oldest pyramids and flat-roofed tombs and it is located 30 kilometers south of the capital city of Cairo. The Egyptian Prime Minister toured the area, he viewed the finds, and he looked inside the coffins. The discovery included finely painted sarcophagi as well as colored and gilded wooden statues that are around 2,500 years old. Details will be announced soon in a news conference at the famed Pyramid of Djoser. Egypt is seeking ways to publicize its archaeological finds in an effort to revive its key tourism sector , which was badly hit by the turmoil that followed the 2011 uprising .
Our planet is getting warmer. People have a big impact on the earth´s temperature . Cars and factories make emissions. Emissions are dangerous gasses. These gasses keep the planet warm. It is bad for nature, animals, and people, too. 195 countries sign a deal in Paris, France, in 2015. The countries want to slow down the bad changes to our planet. They want to make no emissions by 2050. Everything must change. Companies start to use new technologies . Countries want to get energy from the sun, wind, and water. This energy is clean. It is not easy to keep the deal. It is possible that some countries will not be successful. It is still important to try. Many people believe that it is the right thing to do.	In 2015, 195 countries signed the Paris Climate Agreement. The deal is for countries to keep the increase of global temperature below 2 degrees Celsius. It is an important thing to do to lower the impact of climate change. Nobody forced the countries to sign the deal. If a country decides to leave the deal, it can. Also, if a country does not reach the goal of the deal, nothing happens. Everybody still knows that it is important to make changes that will protect our planet. Many large companies decided to lower emissions to zero by 2050 and now, more companies are putting money into clean energy and green technologies. They believe that it is the right thing to do.	Five years ago, the world reached a historic deal with 195 countries signing the Paris Climate Agreement. For the first time, there was a global agreement that truly addressed the importance of climate change. However, the agreement was deemed weak because it was all voluntary . If a country set a goal and didn´t meet it, there was no punishment. If a country left the agreement, no one could stop the country from leaving. However, the agreement´s weakness is also its strength. It was attractive to so many different parts of the economy that hundreds of companies are going to zero out emissions by 2050. In the last 18 months, seven of the ten largest economies in the world have set goals to reach net zero emissions. Acting on climate change isn´t only morally right, it´s also the financially wise choice as investors and businesses focus on renewable energy sources and green technologies.
David Attenborough is a British naturalist. A naturalist studies plants and animals. He makes many films about nature. He is 95 years old. COP26 is a climate summit. Climate is the weather in many places. A summit is a big meeting. The climate summit happens in Scotland right now. World leaders speak about climate change . Attenborough speaks to the leaders. He says that they must do something quickly. There is too much carbon dioxide in the earth´s atmosphere . The planet is getting warmer. The weather is changing. Many countries have big problems. Attenborough says that politicians must think about young people and not money. Now, they have a big chance to do something good. They must work together. They must make the world a better place to live.	95-year-old British naturalist Sir David Attenborough spoke at the climate summit in Glasgow, Scotland. Attenborough said that the carbon dioxide around the earth was too high. Carbon dioxide is a gas that comes from plants, businesses, and vehicles. The carbon dioxide was now 149% of the level in the 18 th century when the Industrial Revolution started. Attenborough asked world leaders to think of young people and change the earth´s future. The weather was becoming more strong, and it was necessary to do something quickly. Attenborough also criticized rich countries, as he said that they were more responsible for the changes. Sadly, poor countries had the most problems with the changes.	British naturalist Sir David Attenborough warned world leaders that the earth´s future is defined by a single number, the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. That number currently is at 414 parts per million, which is now 149% of the level before industrialization. Speaking at the opening ceremony of the COP26 climate summit in Glasgow, Scotland, Attenborough urged leaders to rewrite human history and turn tragedy into a triumph . He added that people were the greatest problem solvers to have ever existed on the earth. In a passionate speech that drew a standing ovation , Attenborough said that the fate of future generations was the impetus to rewrite human history. The 95-year-old also criticized wealthier nations, saying that those who had done the least to cause the climate change were also being hit the hardest. The world is now about 1.2 degrees Celsius warmer than it was in the 19th century, and extreme weather like heatwaves, floods and forest fires are already becoming more intense.
A man reads comics about Batman. He likes Batman very much. He wants to have a car like him. He gets a car. He changes it. It takes him three years. Now the car looks like the Batmobile. It is very popular. It goes on auction . Somebody buys the car for 137,000 dollars. Another man likes Batman, too. He builds a Batmobile, too. It is also very beautiful. He sold it last year. Somebody paid 4.2 million dollars for it.	A fan of the comics about Batman wanted to have the same car as Batman, so he created his own Batmobile. It took him three years to customise a car made in 1956. He finished his Batmobile in 1963. This car looks like the Batmobile, which was depicted in the comics from the 1940’s to the 1950’s. The car became so popular that DC Comics leased the car from him. However, he sold the car at auction recently. Somebody paid 137,000 dollars for it. Another man built his Batmobile, too. It also looks beautiful and it was sold for 4.2 million dollars.	It’s cool, it’s classy and it’s just sold for 137,000 dollars. Yes, it could only be the original Batmobile. The car was sold at auction over the weekend and it’s the first time the 1963 Batmobile was up for sale in decades. A massive fan of the DC comics superhero spent three years customising a 1956 Oldsmobile 88 to resemble the car that Batman used in the comics from 1940’s to the 1950’s. Forrest Robinson who made the comic car a reality completed his Batmobile in 1963 and it became so popular that DC Comics leased the car from him. But he’s not the only one to give it a go. George Barris created a car for the TV series in the 1960’s, and that one sold for massive 4.2 million dollars at auction last year.
Pluto is a “dwarf planet” – it is very small. A man discovered Pluto in 1930. Pluto is 7.2 billion kilometres from the earth . For a long time, we did not have good pictures of Pluto. Now, a spacecraft flies by. It takes great pictures. There is a video in the Level 3 section. It shows pictures of Pluto. The first picture is old, and it is not good. The last picture is the newest. It is a good picture.	Pluto is a dwarf planet at the end of the solar system, and an astronomer discovered it in 1930. However, Pluto remained a mystery for decades because it is 7.2 billion kilometres from the earth. That was, until last week when a NASA probe flew by the planet. It took great images – you can see even structures smaller than a mile across. The video in the Level 3 section shows an animation of Pluto’s images throughout history. You can see a great difference between the first and the last pictures.	An animation released on the Internet illustrates the picture quality with which Pluto was photographed over the years. Starting by a few blurry pixels and ending with a close-up high-res view, the animation shows just how far human understanding of the dwarf planet has come. Astronomer Clyde William Tombaugh discovered Pluto in 1930, but details of its origins and makeup  eluded scientists ever since. The distant world remained a mystery for decades until recently when the New Horizons probe flew past the icy planet. Today’s technology can see structures smaller than a mile.
The Royal Canadian Air Forces want to make Canadians happy. The coronavirus is in Canada. People need to have some fun. Pilots fly over the country in aerobatic planes . They make tricks with planes. People come to watch the tricks. An accident happens at an airport in British Columbia, Canada. Two planes take off . One of the planes starts to burn. One pilot gets out of the plane. He uses a parachute . The plane falls. It hits a garden. The house starts to burn. People run out of the house. They try to stop the fire. One pilot dies in the crash. The second pilot ends up in hospital. Doctors say that his injuries are not very serious.	There was a crash at the Kamloops Airport in British Columbia, Canada. Two aerobatic jets performed stunts for people, and one of the jets crashed. The jet caught fire shortly after it took off. One of the pilots ejected before the jet hit the front garden of a house in Kamloops. People ran outside, and they tried to stop the fire. The pilot ended up in hospital; however, doctors said that his injuries were not serious. The second pilot died. The Royal Canadian Air Forces help make people happy during the coronavirus pandemic. In the past two weeks, they were flying across the country and performing stunts for the public.	The Royal Canadian Air Forces, RCAF, were doing a flyover across the country to show support for Canadians helping to fight the spread of the coronavirus. The Snowbirds perform aerobatic stunts for the public, and for the past two weeks they have been flying across the country to lift up Canadians during difficult times. A crash happened at the Kamloops Airport, British Columbia, on Sunday morning, shortly after the take-off. A video posted on social media showed two aerobatic jets climbing into the air, when one of the jets caught on fire. One pilot was able to eject before the jet crashed into a residential area. It hit the front garden of a home in Kamloops, and residents ran outside in an attempt to put out the fire. One member of the crew died, and another was injured. According to the Air Forces, his injuries were not life threatening.
The Congo is a country in the centre of Africa. When there is a new leader, there is always fighting and trouble. There is an election . People elect the new president. However, the election officials do not want to show the winner. People are afraid that someone is changing their votes . We do not know who wins. However, all three candidates are saying that they won .	The Democratic Republic of the Congo never had a peaceful transition of power . When a new person becomes the leader, people start fighting. Voting for a new president just happened and people are worried. The election officials do not want to release the presidential election results, which is not good. Some people think that the votes will be manipulated, so that the candidate which the current president wants to become the next president can win. We do not know the winner of the election, but all three of the presidential candidates are saying that they won.	Since the Democratic Republic of the Congo became independent, it has never had a peaceful transition of power. People are afraid that there could be violence as the presidential election recently took place. Election officials are waiting to release the results, which worries people that there has been a manipulation of the votes. However, the leader of the election commission said that the large size of the country made it impossible to release the votes on time. People in the opposition do not believe this claim and feel that the votes will be manipulated to favour the person that the current president wants to come after him. Despite that people do know who the winner is, all three of the presidential candidates are saying that they won.
A baby is born. He is a boy. He cannot hear. Doctors help him. They give the baby hearing aids . The baby is nine weeks old now. He can hear. His mother talks to him. He can hear her for the first time. The baby smiles. Someone films the amazing moment. He or she uploads it to YouTube. Many people watch this video.	A baby was born in America in January and he failed all of his hearing tests. Doctors referred the baby to a special program at a children’s hospital in Minneapolis, USA. There, doctors fitted him with hearing aids . At the age of nine weeks, the baby heard his mother’s voice for the first time. Someone filmed the amazing moment and uploaded it to YouTube. The video is very popular.	It’s enough to bring tears to any eye – this is the moment a baby hears his mother’s voice for the first time. Little Elijah Cook smiled when he heard his mum’s voice after he was fitted with his very first pair of hearing aids , aged nine weeks. The touching moment was uploaded by his mother onto YouTube and has since become a viral  sensation  clocking up over a million views. Elijah was born on the 2nd January and failed all his newborn hearing tests. He was then referred to a special program at a children’s hospital in Minneapolis and fitted with hearing aids. Since having his aid fitted, Elijah has been cooing regularly at his family. This, of course, has been music to his mother’s ears .
Elon Musk owns SpaceX. SpaceX makes rockets. Musk and SpaceX want to fly to space and to Mars. He speaks at a conference . He says that the first goal is to find water in space. In 2022 and 2024, four cargo SpaceX rockets will go to Mars. They will bring everything that people will need to Mars. In 2024, two rockets with 100 people each will take off. They will also fly to Mars. These people will build a city there. Elon Musk hopes that the city will be nice.	Elon Musk spoke at the International Astronautical  Congress . He said that the first goal of his SpaceX missions is to find water on other planets. He also spoke about how we would start to colonise Mars. In 2022, two cargo SpaceX rockets with construction materials will go to Mars. Two more rockets will go again in 2024. In that same year, two flights of 100 passengers each will fly there to build a city. Elon Musk hopes that the city on Mars will become a ‘really nice place to be’.	Speaking at the International Astronautical Congress, Elon Musk said that the first goal of his SpaceX missions is to find water on other planets. He also spoke about colonising Mars. In 2022, two 106-metre-tall SpaceX rockets with construction materials will go to Mars, followed by two more cargo rockets in 2024. In that same year, two flights of 100 passengers each will go to Mars to build a city using the cargo which will have been delivered. Elon Musk hopes that the Mars city will be a ‘really nice place to be’.
UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson is not happy with the Brexit plans. He has his own ideas. However, he has little time. The UK must leave the European Union on October 31st. Johnson wants to make a trade  zone on the island of Ireland. On this island, there are two countries. One is a part of the European Union. The other is a part of the UK. Trading can be difficult in the future. The UK must follow European custom rules . Johnson thinks that this is not good for the UK. The president of the European Union, Jean-Claude Juncker, is happy with Johnson´s plan. However, there are still some problems with it.	UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson criticizes the previous Brexit proposals . He has his own plan for the problem with the Irish border. The UK must leave the European Union on October 31st, so Johnson must act quickly. There are two countries on the island of Ireland – Ireland and Northern Ireland. Ireland is a part of the European Union, and Northern Ireland is a part of the UK. Johnson wants to create a special area where these two countries can trade openly. Johnson says that the previous Brexit proposals are not good for the future of the UK because the UK must follow European custom rules . The president of the European Union, Jean-Claude Juncker, welcomed Johnson´s idea. However, he said that there are still some problems with it.	UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson is against the arrangement included in previous Brexit proposals . He came up with his idea how to solve the problem with the Irish border. However, he has less than a month for his plans because the UK must leave the European Union on October 31st. There are two countries on the island of Ireland – Ireland is a member of the European Union, and Northern Ireland is a part of the UK. Johnson wants to create a special zone on the island, so that these two countries can openly trade goods without border checkpoints . The previous Brexit proposals said that the UK must follow the custom rules of the European Union. According to Johnson, this will be negative for the UK. The president of the European Union, Jean-Claude Juncker, welcomed Johnson´s proposal, but he said that there are still some problems to be solved.
On Wednesday evening, rockets attack a military base in Iraq. It is the biggest attack since December 2019. Three people die in the attack. Two people are American soldiers. US officials do not say their names. First, they must contact the soldiers´ families. The third dead person is a British woman. She works as a medical technician . The rockets come from Russia. Iran uses similar rockets in the past. US officials think that Iran makes the attack. However, it is not easy to say who is guilty for the attack. US officials worry. The attack can start new conflicts with Iran.	On Wednesday evening, rockets hit a military base in Iraq. It was the deadliest attack in Iraq since December 2019. The rockets killed three people and injured several other people. Two of the dead people were American soldiers, and one person was a British woman who worked as a medical technician. The rockets that hit the base came from Russia. Militia groups used similar rockets in conflicts between the US and Iran. US officials said that it is not possible to blame somebody for the attack now. However, the attack can bring more conflicts between the US and Iran.	On Wednesday evening, more than fifteen rockets hit the Taji military base in Iraq, and they killed 3 people. Two of the people were American active-duty troops, and one person was a British medical technician. An official said that 5 service members were evacuated with serious injuries, and 7 more are under evaluation . The rockets that hit the base were Russian-made, and they have previously been used by Iranian-backed militia groups . It was the deadliest attack on coalition troops in Iraq since December 2019. US officials said that it is too early to blame anybody for the attack; however, the attack could bring military conflicts between the US and Iran.
This news is from Mexico. There is an explosion. It happens at a petrochemical plant . Three people die. The explosion injures more than 100 people. Pemex is a Mexican national oil company. Pemex owns the plant. This is not the first explosion. The company does not know the cause of the explosion. The plant makes a chemical. People use it to make PVC pipes . This chemical is dangerous. The explosion sends up a cloud. It is full of chemicals. People are not safe. They must stay inside.	On the southern coast of the Gulf of Mexico, there was an explosion at a petrochemical plant . The explosion killed at least 3 people and injured more than 100, including 58 workers. The explosion happened at the Mexican national oil company Pemex in the Gulf state of Veracruz. The cause of the explosion was not clear, but it was not the first explosion at the company’s facilities . The plant produced vinyl chloride, which is a dangerous chemical that people use to make PVC pipes. The explosion sent a toxic cloud up into the air. People were told to stay indoors because of the chemicals.	An explosion has ripped through a petrochemical plant on the southern coast of the Gulf of Mexico, sending a toxin-filled cloud into the air. At least 3 people are known to have died with more than 100 injured, including 58 workers. The blast happened at the Mexican national oil company Pemex in the Gulf state of Veracruz. The plant produces vinyl chloride, a hazardous industrial chemical that’s used to make PVC pipes. The company has said the explosion, which sent a huge dark plume of smoke billowing upwards, happened in one of their top oil export hubs . Carlos Ruiz was working at the site and said the lights started to go off before there was a loud boom. A local hospital has put up a handwritten list of the injured being treated as worried family members arrived to check on their loved ones. Residents were told to stay indoors because of the possible toxic nature of the smoke. The cause is unclear. Several explosions have been reported at Pemex facilities in recent years.
This news is about drones. Drones are very small planes. They can move things. Some companies want to make money with drones. Drones can deliver things. Alphabet is a company. It tests drones in Australia. It does more than 70,000 test flights, and makes more than 3,000 deliveries. The American government says that the company can use the drones in the USA. The company is now starting tests in Virginia (an American state).	Alphabet is Google’s parent company which also works with drones. It wants to use drones for deliveries , and it tested drones for this in Australia. The company carried out 70,000 test flights, and more than 3,000 deliveries. After such testing, the FAA (a part of the American government, which controls flying in the USA) approved the drones in the USA. Now Alphabet will begin tests in Virginia, an American state. This is a big moment for Alphabet, but also for everybody who wants to use drones.	In the USA, the Federal Aviation Administration (which is a governmental body with powers to regulate all aspects of civil aviation) approved air carrier certification for Alphabet’s drone delivery service. The approval is important to the company and for the industry as a whole. Alphabet is Google’s parent company, which has been testing drone delivery services in Australia where it has carried out over ’70,000 test flights, and more than 3,000 deliveries’. With the FAA’s approval, it says that it will now start testing in southwest Virginia over the next several months.
Hurricane Eta hits Central America three weeks ago. It kills almost 200 people. Another storm comes last week. It is Storm Iota. Iota is the strongest storm in 2020. It brings strong winds. The winds reach 250 kmph. Big waves hit the coastline of the Caribbean islands. Large landslides are in Nicaragua. Authorities must evacuate people on the island of San Andrés. They evacuate people from a hospital, too. Two people die and six people have an injury on the island. Many people are missing . Scientists are afraid of Iota. Iota can bring floods and landslides in a big part of Central America.	Storm Iota hit Central America and it caused serious damage. Iota was the most powerful storm of 2020, and scientists predicted that it would hit the same area that Hurricane Eta hit only a few weeks before. Iota brought strong winds of 250 kmph and big waves damaged the coastline. It made big landfall in Nicaragua and it destroyed roads on the Caribbean island of San Andrés. On the island, many people had to leave their homes, and authorities evacuated patients from a hospital. Two people died, six people had injuries, and many people went missing . Scientists worry that Iota will cause floods and landslides to large parts of Central America.	The most powerful storm of 2020, Storm Iota, hit the Caribbean island of San Andrés, Colombia, and it has made landfall on the northeast coast of Nicaragua. The storm threatened to hit the same region that was devastated by Hurricane Eta only a few weeks ago. Residents moved to shelters and patients had to be evacuated from a local hospital. The extreme weather reached land with powerful winds of up to 250 kmph, and it caused severe damage along the coastline, with roads completely destroyed by the brute  force of giant waves that smashed into the shore. In the Caribbean islands of Colombia, at least two people have been killed and six injured, while others are still missing. The storm threatens to bring catastrophic winds, floods and landslides to large parts of Central America.
You cannot dance in Japan after midnight . This rule is sixty years old. This rule tried to stop crime . Now the situation is changing. Now you can dance in clubs until morning. However, there are some rules. There must be light in the club. If there is light, people do not do bad things.	It has been illegal to dance in bars and clubs in Japan after midnight since 1948. Japan introduced the law to put an end to prostitution. Now this is going to change, and you will be able to dance until the morning hours. However, there are still some restrictions . Bars and clubs must have permits, and there must be enough light. The government hopes that brighter lighting will prevent crimes.	We may have all heard the song “Dancing in the Moonlight”, but for people in Japan that’s something they most definitely haven’t been able to do. Since 1948 it’s been illegal to dance in bars and clubs in Japan after midnight. The rather unusual law was introduced to stamp out  prostitution linked to dance halls more than 60 years ago and over the years, despite the growing popularity of clubbing , the rule still stood. But it looks like that’s all about to change, as Japan’s cabinet has now approved amendments to the country’s nightlife laws, allowing people to dance past midnight. And the new law is certainly welcomed by campaigners. “Visitors from overseas would come here to Japan and they’d wonder why they can’t dance, even though you can dance at night anywhere overseas. You have to ask why you can get arrested just for dancing. We thought that this was a problem, and so we had a large number of people give their signatures to remove dancing from the nightlife laws and stop regulating dancing.” But the new law comes with restrictions: bars and clubs will have to obtain a permit if they want to allow dancing into the early hours, and they must adhere to new lighting requirements. Lights in clubs must now be brighter than 10 lux or similar to a theatre before the main show starts. Officials say this is because they hope brighter lighting will help prevent crimes and misbehaviour. So although Japanese clubbers may now be dancing in bright light rather than the moonlight, it seems the country is definitely getting its groove back .
In Gaza, a man sees a building fall down. He says that an Israeli plane shoots at it. He sees many women and children who leave the building. He says they are not soldiers. A reporter talks about the situation. He says that Israeli planes are bombing places in Gaza. They are doing this because militants shoot rockets at Israel. He says that people are worried. They hope that Israel and militants from Hamas can agree to stop the fight. Israel says that it is shooting at military buildings where militants hide. It says that military buildings are in areas where normal people live.	In Gaza, a man said that he saw a building fall down after an Israeli plane shot at it, and he saw many women and children leave. He said that all of them were civilians . A reporter said that Israeli war planes were bombing areas in Gaza as a response to militants who shot rockets towards Israel. He also said that people were worried that Israel may start a large military  operation , but they hope that Israel will agree to peace with the militant groups in Gaza such as Hamas. Israel said it is shooting at military buildings, and Hamas is hiding important military buildings in civilian areas.	In Gaza, a man said he saw a building fall down after an Israeli airstrike hit it, and he saw many women and children leave the building. He said they were all civilians . Saud Abu Ramadan of Bloomberg News reported Israeli war planes had bombed areas around Gaza after militants fired dozens of rockets towards Israel. He also said people were worried that the tension will lead to a large-scale military operation. The reporter added the streets are also empty due to the holiday Eid Al Fitr which comes at the end of the fasting month in Ramadan. He said that people hope Israel will make a truce with the militant groups in Gaza such as Hamas. Israel claimed that it is shooting at military facilities, and Hamas is hiding these targets in civilian areas.
There are Southern Lights in New Zealand. A camera films them. People also see them in Australia, America and Europe. The Southern Lights are like the Northern Lights. People also call them auroras . You can see them at night in the sky. They look like big lines of colours. They move. They are very pretty. You can see them all year. You can see them really well two times a year. That is during the spring and autumn equinoxes .	Just like the northern hemisphere’s Northern Lights, the southern hemisphere has the Southern Lights that also appear at night and also are called auroras . Auroras happen when particles in the earth’s atmosphere hit with particles coming from the sun’s atmosphere. You can see the amazing auroras all year but the best time to see them is during the spring and autumn equinoxes . A camera recently filmed the big bands of colours passing over New Zealand. People also saw the Southern Lights in Australia, America and Europe.	Time-lapse footage shows the Southern Lights, the southern hemisphere’s version of the Northern Lights. As a starlit sky slowly turned, spectacular  swathes of red, purple and blue light swept up into the night over New Zealand. Aurora sightings were also seen in Australia, America and across Europe. A collision of particles in the earth’s atmosphere with electrically-charged particles released by the sun are what causes auroras. They are visible all year-round but are they are most vivid around the spring and autumn equinoxes .
A snowboarder lives in Britain. He likes to make new moves in snowboarding. He makes the triple backside rodeo. This happens in 2011. He moves in a circle in the air. He keeps moving in the same direction. Then he makes the 1,800 quadruple cork. This happens in 2015. He flips four times. His body spins in five circles. All of this happens at the same time. People said that they that thought that he could do it. They were right!	A snowboarder from Great Britain keeps accomplishing new manoueveres for his sport. In 2011, he made the triple backside rodeo. It is a trick when a snowboarder moves in a circle in the air, as he keeps going in the same direction that he started. He was the first one to make this move. Now, he made the 1,800 quadruple cork, and it is a trick when a snowboarder flips four times at the same time as his body spins five rotations . People thought that he would be able to make this move and he proved them correct!	British snowboarder, Billy Morgan, has landed the sport’s first ever 1,800 quadruple cork . Billy, who represented GB at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, was in Italy when he achieved the manoeuvre . So what is the manoeuvre? Well, it involves flipping four times while the body also spins five complete rotations on a sideways or downward-facing axes . The 26-year-old caught the attention of the snowboarding  world back in 2011 when he pioneered the triple backside rodeo . He’s long been pegged as one of the athletes most likely to achieve the quad-cork and well, he did it!
This news is from London. The River Thames is in London. A professional motorbike stuntman jumps over the river. He jumps 23 metres. He also turns in the air. This is called a backflip. He is the first to do a backflip over the Thames. The stuntman’s name is Travis Pastrana. This is his most difficult jump. However, he jumps almost perfectly.	A professional motorbike stuntman backflipped over the River Thames in London. The gap that he flew over was 23 metres wide. He was the first person ever to motorcycle backflip over theThames. The stuntman, Travis Pastrana, talked about the jump afterwards. He said that the jump was difficult. However, the weather was fine, and he landed almost perfectly. He was only blown a little to the right.	A professional motorbike stuntman backflipped over a 23-metre wide gap between two barges floating on the River Thames in London. It was the first-ever motorcycle backflip over the River Thames. After the successful stunt, the daredevil , Travis Pastrana, said that this was one of his most nerve-wracking stunts, as he had to deal with so many variables out of his control. The weather was fine, though, the boat had dried up, and he had no traction issues . He was blown a little to the right, but he managed to land almost spot on .
Big floods happen in eastern China. The flood happens on the Yangtze River. The Yangtze River is the longest river in Asia. It is the third longest river in the world. Officials say that it is the biggest flood in many years. The flood lasts one week. More than 300,000 people must leave their homes. The flood destroys many towns and villages. Many people lose their homes. People have nothing to eat. The flood destroys houses. Officials must use boats. They rescue people who are trapped . In some parts of the country, people already clean the streets and homes after the flood.	A large flood hit eastern China, and officials said that it was the largest flood in the country in decades . The flood happened along the Yangtze River, which is the longest river in Asia. The flood lasted more than one week, and officials evacuated more than 300,000 people. Many people lost homes and they did not have anything to eat. In Poyang County, heavy rain destroyed towns and villages, and more than 5,000 people had to leave their homes. Officials used 54 boats to rescue almost 2,000 people. In Shexian county, people started to clean the streets and homes after the floods.	After weeks of intense flooding, nearly 300,000 people have been evacuated along the Yangtze River in eastern China. The downpour damaged homes and infrastructure , and it left many people without food and shelter. More than 5,000 people have been forced to evacuate as the massive floods moved east. In Poyang County, over two feet of rain has fallen, and the Chinese Fire department said that 54 boats were deployed to rescue almost 2,000 trapped people. Meanwhile, in Shexian County, post-disaster disinfection work has already started. According the local media, this has been the largest flood that the area has recorded in decades.
In Britain, two men turn 110 years old. They set the record for the oldest men in Britain. One man is from Scotland. The other man lives in southern England. The men talk on the phone on their birthdays. One man was a farmer. In his life, there were many changes in farming. He talks about the changes. He also tells people his secret for long life: eating porridge every day! The other man talks about his life, too. His life was always interesting. It was not his ambition to live this long.	In Britain, two men recently turned 110 years old. They share the record for the oldest living men in Britain. One man lives in Scotland, and the other lives in southern England, so they called one another to celebrate. The man in Scotland was a farmer and he talked about the changes that he saw in farming during his long life. He even shared his secret to his long life: eating porridge every day! The man in Hampshire said that it was not his ambition to live this long, but his life was always interesting and the years just went by .	In Britain, Alf Smith turns 110 years old and calls another man named Bob Weighton, who has also just turned 110 years old. They have never met but they share the record for the oldest living men in Britain. Alf is celebrating his birthday at home in Perth, Scotland, and he told a secret to his long life: eating porridge every day! During his life as a farmer, Alf saw many changes happen in Scotland and in Canada. In Hampshire in southern England, Bob Weighton also spoke about his long life, saying that it was not his ambition to live so long but that life was interesting, his friends were lovely, and he just expected it to keep going on. He has been too busy enjoying life to see that he was clocking up the years!
Monsoons blow in some parts of Asia. A monsoon is a wind. It blows from the Indian Ocean. It brings heavy rains. Heavy rain is a problem for old buildings. Water breaks up the foundations of buildings. Buildings then fall down. Many buildings fall down in India. This year, monsoons have an impact on 2.4 million Indian people. Last week, a building falls down in central India. Eight people die. At least eleven people are hurt. Some people are trapped in the ruins . Rescuers try to save them. The building is 30 years old. Officials want to fix it. However, it does not happen. The coronavirus stops the work.	Last week, a building fell down in India, which killed at least eight people and injured eleven others. Rescuers tried to save several people who were stuck in the ruins . The building had only four floors; however, it was over 30 years old. It was not in good condition ; however, nobody expected that it would fall down. Local authorities planned to fix the building, which did not happen because of the coronavirus. During monsoon season, buildings fall down quite often in India. Monsoons bring heavy rains, that damage older and poorly built buildings. This season, heavy floods in eastern India affected more than 2.4 million people.	At least eight people died and eleven others were injured after a four-story building collapsed in Maharashtra, India. India´s National Disaster Response Force said that the unexpected collapse happened at around 4 am local time, and that rescuers attempted to free dozens of people who believed to be trapped in the rubble. The building was over 30 years old and due for repairs; however, they could not be carried out because of lockdown restrictions. During monsoon season, building collapses are common as heavy rains weaken the foundations of old or poorly constructed structures. Monsoon rains have triggered deadly flooding in eastern India, affecting more than 2.4 million people.
The Chinese celebrate the Dragon Boat Festival. It takes place every year. It is on the fifth day of the fifth month of the Chinese calendar. There are boat races at the festival. Teams race in narrow, 12-metre-long boats. The boats have dragon heads and tails. At the end, the teams splash each other with water . This is to bring them luck.	The Chinese celebrate The Dragon Boat Festival on the fifth day of the fifth month of the Chinese calendar, as it is a traditional festival with dragon boat races. Hundreds of people watched the annual boat races in Hong Kong. The boats are narrow, 12 metres long and have pointed dragon heads and tails. After the race, the rowers splashed each other with water to bring good luck.	Hong Kong’s annual dragon boat races are the highlight of the traditional Dragon Boat Festival celebrated on the fifth day of the fifth month of the Chinese calendar. Hundreds of people came to watch the race of narrow 12-metre boats with pointed dragon heads and tails. After the race, rowers splashed each other with water as a blessing of good fortune .
The International Space Station was closed to the public . Only astronauts from some countries could go there. Now, NASA is making big changes. It is opening the ISS to people. More business will be done on the ISS, too. Astronauts will study more things there.	The International Space Station was always closed to the public, and NASA was strongly against tourists and business there. The only commercial activity was limited to science experiments. However, things are changing because NASA wants to land the next man and the first woman on the moon by 2024 and it needs money to do that. To help fund the future mission, NASA recently declared parts of the ISS open for business. Private astronauts will be able to visit and stay as early as next year. There is also going to be more research on the ISS.	The International Space Station has been always closed to the public, and NASA previously was strongly against allowing tourists and commercial interest on the ISS. Commercial activity so far has been limited to science experiments. However, the agency’s chief financial officer told reporters that commercialising the station will enable NASA ‘to focus resources’ to land the next man and the first woman on the moon by 2024. NASA now has declared parts of the ISS open for business – it will let private astronauts visit and stay as early as next year, will allow in-space manufacturing, health care research and even marketing. Also, back in May, the Trump administration said that it would ask Congress to add $1.6 billion to NASA’s budget next year to help finance NASA’s plans to send astronauts back to the moon.
An Australian zoo has a new attraction . It is a cage for humans. From the cage, you can safely watch lions. You can feed them, too. It takes 5 months to build a cage like this. It costs 700,000 Australian dollars (around 530,000 US dollars). The zoo thinks that more people will visit because of the cage.	An Australian zoo has a new attraction – a cage for humans. You can enter the cage and interact with lions. You can even feed them. The cage took 5 months and 700,000 Australian dollars (around 530,000 US dollars) to build. The zoo thinks that it will attract an additional 3,000 visitors a year.	An Australian zoo unveiled its latest attraction – a cage that visitors can enter and interact with lions. They can even feed the predators through the metal wire of the cage. The cage took 5 months and 700,000 Australian dollars (around 530,000 US dollars) to build. People expect it will generate an additional 3,000 visitors a year.
There is war in Yemen. The war is between the Houthi rebels and the Yemeni government . Saudi Arabia helps the government. Iran helps the rebels. The Houthi rebels attack two oil plants . They attack them with 10 drones . The plants are Saudi Arabian. The plants get on fire. There is so much smoke. You can see the smoke from space. However, Saudi Arabia has the fires under control. They say that everything is normal after 48 hours.	Last Saturday, Houthi rebels attacked two Saudi Arabian oil plants. The Houthi’s spokesman said that they used 10 drones, and the attacks shut down half of the country’s oil production. The fires from the attacks were so large that people could see them in space, although they were under control by the evening. The drone strikes caused Saudi Arabia to reduce its daily oil production by 5 million barrels a day, which is about 5% of the world’s daily oil production. According to Bloomberg, production expects to be back to normal within 48 hours. The Houthis are a Shia Muslim rebel group from Yemen, that Iran backs (which is a Shia Islamic Republic). Fights in Yemen started four years ago between the Houthi rebels and the Yemeni government, which Saudi Arabia backs, as well as other Sunni Arab states.	Last Saturday, Houthi rebels launched drone attacks on two major Saudi Arabian oil plants. The group’s spokesman said that they used 10 drones, and the fires from the attacks were so large that people could see them from space. A Saudi official told state-run media that investigations were ongoing. Although the fires were under control by the evening, the attacks shut down half of the country’s oil production. One of the targets was the world’s largest oil processing facility, and The Wall Street Journal reported that the drone strikes caused Saudi Arabia to reduce its daily oil production by 5 million barrels a day, which is about 5% of the world’s daily oil production. According to Bloomberg, production expects to be restored within 48 hours. The Houthis are a Shia Muslim rebel group from Yemen, that Iran backs (which is a Shia Islamic Republic). There has been violence in Yemen for the past four years between the Houthi rebels and the Yemeni government, which Saudi Arabia backs, as well as other Sunni Arab states.
Three Red Pandas were born in December. They are at a zoo in Sydney. Visitors to the zoo now can see them. They are really cute . They are two males (boys) and one female (girl). The two brothers are called Rohan and Ishwar. Their sister’s name is Mishry.	Cute Red Panda triplets made their public debut at a zoo in Sydney. They are two males and one female, are called Rohan and Ishwar and their sister’s name is Mishry. They were born in December last year under a part of an international breeding programme. Its goal is to save these animals from extinction .	Adorable Red Panda triplets made their public debut at Taronga Zoo in Sydney. They are two males and one female – the two brothers are called Rohan and Ishwar and their sister’s name is Mishry. They were born in December last year as part of a worldwide breeding programme that the zoo takes part in. The program aim is to protect animal species from extinction .
A special fence is on the border between the US and Mexico. The fence is four meters high. Border patrol watches the fence. Many people want to get over the fence. Some people cannot get to the US. US authorities do not allow them. These people send their children to the US alone. It is a big problem for the US. Hundreds of children and teenagers come every day. The US does not have enough flats or apartments or houses for them. Two people drop two children over the fence last week. The border patrol shows a video about what happens. A person drops one child. Then, he drops the second child. Both persons run away. The border patrol finds the children. They are sisters. They come from Ecuador. One girl is a toddler and one girl is five years old.	US authorities released a video last week which showed a person drop two children over a fence along the US-Mexico border. In the video, two persons got to the fence and one of them dropped one child over the 4-meter-high fence. Then, the person dropped the second child and both persons ran away from the border. US border patrol found the children and took them to a patrol station. The children were a toddler and her 5-year-old sister. Hundreds of children and teenagers cross the US-Mexico border every day which is a big problem for the US because there is not enough housing for these children. Often, their parents cannot get to the US legally, so they send their children alone. They hope that their children will get to their relatives .	A video released by US authorities last week showed two Ecuadoran children being abandoned by smugglers after they were dropped over a 4-meter-high barrier along the US-Mexico border. The video showed a person lowering the children one at a time before letting them drop to the ground below. Both children stood up as two people fled on the other side of the border. US Border Patrol agents found a toddler and her 5-year-old sister, and they were transported to a nearby patrol station for medical evaluation. The incident came in time when President Biden´s administration struggles with finding space to house several hundred children and teenagers who are crossing the border daily. In some cases, their parents were refused entry into the US, and they send their children across the border alone, hoping that they will eventually be placed with relatives.
Charlie Sheen is a Hollywood actor. People know him from “Two and a Half Men”. “Two and a Half Men” is a TV comedy series . Sheen is very famous, and he makes a lot of money. However, he has a problem with drugs. He also drinks too much alcohol, and he has sex with prostitutes . Because of this, his boss fires him from the TV series. Now, people also say that he has AIDS. Sheen says that it is true. He says that he has AIDS.	Charlie Sheen is a Hollywood actor who became famous in the 1980s, but people know him best for his role on a TV comedy series called “Two and a Half Men”. This role made him the highest paid actor on TV. However, people fired Sheen in 2011 for doing too much drugs, having sex with prostitutes, and drinking too much alcohol. Also, the media started to speculate about his health weeks ago. In a TV interview, the actor admitted that he has AIDS. He first found out four years ago, but  he needed time to absorb the bad news.	Hollywood actor Charlie Sheen has revealed in a TV interview with NBC that he is HIV positive. Sheen said he learned about the diagnosis four years ago but said it was “a hard three letters to absorb”. The 50 year-old actor rose to fame in Hollywood in the 1980s but is best known for his portrayal of Charlie Harper on U.S. comedy series “Two and a Half Men”. This role made him the highest paid actor on TV until he was fired in 2011 for debaucherous  behaviour . Asked on NBC whether he had transmitted HIV to anyone, the actor said it was “impossible,” although he admitted that he was “not entirely” aware of how he contracted the virus. Sheen has struggled with drug addiction in the past and has admitted to sleeping with prostitutes. His doctor told the programme that Sheen does not have AIDS. The actor claimed that people who knew his HIV-positive status had extorted money from him to keep it secret. He said it cost him millions. He proclaimed he would stop paying people now that his HIV status was public saying, “I release myself from this prison today.” Media speculation has been rife for weeks about the star’s health. Sheen said he decided to go public with the personal news to put a stop to what he described as very harmful stories that were threatening the health of so many others.
Here is some news from Kiev, Ukraine. People throw a member of the parliament into a rubbish bin. They hold him there, put water on him, and throw things on him. This politician is unpopular. He became unpopular in January. He restricted anti- government protests.	An angry mob threw a Ukrainian member of parliament into a rubbish bin outside the parliament in Kiev. People held the man down, poured water on him, hit him and threw tyres on him. The reason behind the attack is unknown. However, the politician became unpopular when he restricted anti-government protests in January.	An angry mob has thrown a Ukrainian MP into a skip outside the country’s parliament in Kiev. The group of men was filmed shoving and pushing Vitaly Zhuravsky before grabbing him and throwing him head-first into the bin filled with rubbish. They held him down, poured water on him and threw his briefcase and tyres on him, hitting him in the face. The reason behind the attack remains unclear, but Zhuravsky became unpopular in January when he’d authorized a bill severely tightening restrictions on anti-government protesters. He was also behind a controversial bill criminalising libel , which was withdrawn amid widespread opposition.
This news is about a woman. She is 24 years old. She is mixed- race . She is Thai-Italian. She is ill. She has leukaemia. She must have a transplant . It is hard to find a donor for her. It is hard because she is mixed-race. Her family and an organisation help her. They ask people for help. In the end, they find a donor. The woman is getting a transplant next month.	In December, a twenty-four-year-old Thai-Italian woman found out that she had an aggressive form of leukaemia. Leukaemia is a very serious disease. The best cure for the woman is a stem cell transplant, but it was hard for doctors to find a donor for her. She is mixed-race, and only three per cent of donors are mixed-race, too. But thanks to a worldwide campign, people found a suitable donor. The donor’s identity is kept secret, but this person will donate his or her stem cells next month. The campaign was not only about the one woman. It also showed everybody about the problems of mixed-race people who need transplanst.	Twenty-four-year-old Lara Casalotti was diagnosed with an aggressive form of leukaemia in December. Now against the odds , she’s found a bone marrow donor. The chances of finding a match were extremely slim because of her Thai-Italian heritage – only three per cent of worldwide of stem cell donor registers have mixed-race donors, but someone has been found that could save her life. “I’m very excited to tell you some great news that a well-matching donor has been found and if all goes to plan then I will go to transplant soon.” Lara’s best hope of a cure is a stem cell transplant, but a global campaign by blood cancer charity Anthony Nolan and her family found a suitable match. “The donor will need to be a genetic match to her, and as you can see, I’m Thai, and her dad is Italian.” “From the very beginning this campaign has been not just about finding a match for me, but diversifying the donor registries and just getting more people in the registries in general.” Her brother, Sepp Casalotti, says the family is relieved. “It’s a horrible time, it’s horrible news to hear in the first place but when you have so many people behind you, it just keeps you so positive, and Lara’s always known that this campaign has been more than just about her – it’s trying to tackle this problem that we have of mixed-race and ethnic minority people having a much harder time to find a match.” The donor’s identity has to be kept a secret due to  confidentiality regulations, but it’s hoped they’ll donate their stem cells next month.
ABBA is a pop group. It is from Sweden. It has big hits in the 1970s. Some of them are ‘Waterloo’ and ‘Dancing Queen’. ABBA ends in 1982. However, the group wants to come back now. It has two new songs. One song is called ‘I Still Have Faith in You’. The group also plans a tour. The band will not sing in person . The people will use holograms . You can see the show in December.	ABBA was a Swedish pop group. It produced worldwide hits in the 1970s such as ‘Waterloo’ and ‘Dancing Queen’. ABBA split up in 1982, but it announced plans to come together for a virtual tour. The band members will not perform in person, but they will be projected as holograms . They recorded two new songs, one of which is called ‘I Still Have Faith in You’. You can watch the holograms in a December TV special.	Swedish pop group ABBA, which produced worldwide hits in the 1970s with songs like ‘Waterloo’ and ‘Dancing Queen’, split up in 1982. The members have recently announced that they recorded two new songs and they plan to reunite for a virtual tour using digital avatars . One song is named ‘I Still Have Faith in You’, and they will perform the newest single with holograms in a December TV special.
A man has a dream. He wants to travel from India to Britain by road. However, he does not like the pollution in India. He wants to travel in a clean vehicle . He takes an old tuk-tuk . He wants to change it. He wants to make it a solar-powered tuk-tuk. This is not easy. He does not know how to do it. He has many problems. In the end, he finishes the tuk-tuk. The man travels 9,978 kilometres from India to Britain.	It was an Indian man’s childhood dream to travel to Britain by road, but he wasn’t happy with the pollution in India. He decided to turn an old tuk-tuk into a solar-powered one. He said that it was not easy because he did not know how to do it, and he did not have good tools. Team members and he did this by trial and error . They failed a lot of times, but the team members believed in the idea. They even failed last year when they drove 1 kilometre and the tuk-tuk broke down. Now, 9,978 kilometres from India to Britain is not a problem. The man arrived in Britain five days late because someone stole his passport. He hopes that his trip will make people think about the future of transport.	A solar-powered tuk-tuk has completed a 9,978-kilometre journey from India to Britain. This has been a childhood dream of one Indian man to travel to the UK by road, but he was not happy with the pollution levels in India. Tuk-tuks are one of the most polluting vehicles, so he decided to convert an old tuk-tuk and make it emissions free. He said that this was challenging because the team and he did not know how to convert the tuk-tuk and they did not have good tools to do it. They built the solar-powered tuk-tuk by trial and error . They failed a lot of times, but the team members who helped him believed in the idea. They even failed last year when they drove 1 kilometre and the tuk-tuk broke down, but now thousands of kilometres is not a problem. The man reached Britain five days later than planned because someone stole his passport. He hopes that his trip raises awareness of electric vehicles as a sustainable mode of transport.
This news is about a barber . He is from Egypt. A family member asks him to cut his hair. The barber does not have his scissors. He uses other tools . The barber likes to cut hair with these tools. He starts to cut hair with them at his salon, too. He uses a hammer, a razor, a knife and meat cleavers . People call the barber ‘the Joker’.	A relative once asked an Egyptian barber to cut his hair when the barber did not have his tools. Instead of rescheduling , he decided to get creative and used other tools. There had to be something which the barber liked about cutting hair that way. He went on to cut people’s hair with a hammer, a razor a knife, or meat cleavers at his salon. ‘The Joker’, as people call the barber, hopes to inspire other young barbers to try his methods, too. One customer said that he was scared and worried at first, but then he liked his haircut.	A relative once asked an Egyptian barber to cut his hair when he did not have his tools. Instead of rescheduling, he decided to get creative and used tools available to him. His cutting hair unconventionally didn’t stop that day, as he later started cutting people’s hair with a hammer, a razor, a knife, or meat cleavers at his salon. ‘The Joker’, as people have nicknamed him, hoped to inspire other young barbers to try his unusual methods. One customer said that he was scared and worried at first, but then he liked his haircut and the experience.
William Shakespeare was born in Stratford-upon-Avon. He was born on 23rd April, 1564. He died on 23rd April, 1616. It is the 400th anniversary of his death this year. People in Stratford-upon-Avon celebrate. They go to the streets. They wear masks of Shakespeare or dress as people in Shakespeare’s plays. A jazz band from New Orleans comes. They play a “New Orleans funeral”.	William Shakespeare was born in Stratford-upon-Avon on 23rd April, 1564 and he died on exactly the same day in 1616. Thousands of people in his hometown took to the streets to celebrate the 400th anniversary of his death. People dressed as Shakespearean characters or wore the mask of Shakespeare’s face. A jazz band from New Orleans played what’s known as a “New Orleans funeral”.	There was a real carnivalesque atmosphere in Stratford-upon-Avon, the home of William Shakespeare, as thousands took to the streets to honour England’s most famous playwright on the 400th anniversary of his death. The procession saw participants dressed as Shakespearean characters while carrying a floral tribute through the town, as crowds, many wearing masks of the bard ‘s face, watched on, waved flags and threw rosemary branches to create a walkway of remembrance . “Hip hip! Hurray! Hip hip! Hurray! Hip hip hip! Hurray!” A jazz band from New Orleans gave what’s known as a “New Orleans funeral”, and a rendition of happy birthday for the British icon, who was born on 23rd April, 1564, and died on exactly the same day in 1616. Gerald French flew over to play drums, and spoke of Shakespeare’s global impact: “I was forced to read aloud a lot of his work in school, some of it I understood, some of it, I didn’t. But a very prolific writer. Yes.” Madam Mayor of Stratford-upon-Avon, Tessa Bates, reflected on what Shakespeare’s hometown must have meant to him: “Well, it must have influenced him because I think his stories and plays are about his life and people he knows, so everything around him must have influenced him.” “Including Stratford?” “Oh, definitely Stratford! I mean, how could it not? It’s the most beautiful place to have grown up, isn’t it?”
Baihetan is the world´s largest hydropower plant. A hydropower plant uses water to make electricity. The dam opens last week. It is 289 meters high. The dam is on the Yangtze River in China. More dams are on this river. They make a lot of electricity for eastern and central China. Many people and factories are there. They need lots of electricity. Baihetan can make 150 kilowatt-hours of electricity with one rotation . It is enough for one family for a month. China wants to control the river during summer months. It rains a lot in summer. China makes a lot of emissions , too. Hydropower plants make electricity without emissions.	Baihetan is the world´s largest hydropower plant , and it opened last week. It is located on the Yangtze River in China. It took only four years to build the dam, but it was one of the most difficult engineering projects. The dam is 289 meters high, and one rotation can make 150 kilowatt-hours of electricity. It is the same amount of electricity which a family uses in one month. The dam is a part of a system of dams on the Yangtze River, and it will give electricity to eastern and central China. These are the most populated areas and sometimes, they had electricity shortages . Also, China wants to control the flow of the river during summer when there are many floods. Another reason why China built the dam is to lower emissions from burning materials, such as coal or gas.	The giant Baihetan hydropower plant in China opens for business. It is the world´s largest dam by unit capacity , and it´s located on the Yangtze River on the border between the southwestern provinces of Yunnan and Sichuan. The construction was one of China´s biggest and most challenging engineering projects, with a dam height of 289 meters, and it took only four years to build it. Provinces in eastern and central China with larger populations and more developed economies have been experiencing electricity shortages during peak demand periods. The project is a part of a national plan to generate electricity and deliver it to high energy-consuming regions. It is also designed to strengthen control over water flows during the heavy summer flood season. Lastly, it is a part of Chinese efforts to curb increasing fossil fuel demand and bring about its goal of carbon neutrality . Each unit of the hydroelectric plant is capable of producing 150 kilowatt-hours of electricity within a single rotation, which is the equivalent to the monthly electricity consumption of an ordinary family.
In Bhaktapur, Nepal, thousands of people celebrate Nepali New Year. This festival also celebrates spring. People dance, sing and throw vermilion powder. They get covered in the powder. They also pray for good harvests during the rainy season.	In Bhaktapur, Nepal, thousands of people celebrated Nepali New Year, which also celebrates spring. To mark the occasion , people dance, sing, and throw vermilion powder all over one another. They also pray for good harvests during the rainy season that will follow.	Thousands of people came to Bhaktapur, Nepal, to celebrate Nepali New Year. People call it Sindoor Jatra and it is also the annual festival to celebrate spring. To mark the occasion , people dance, sing, and throw vermilion powder all over everyone and everywhere. Celebrants also pray for good harvests during the monsoon season to follow.
This news is about a lake. The lake is in Mexico. It is full of dead fish. People remove 50 tonnes of them. People want to know what’s wrong. Some people say that nothing is wrong. They say that the fish do this. Others say that there is not enough oxygen in the water. Why is there not enough oxygen? There are buildings around the lake. They clean dirty water. Maybe, they do something wrong. Maybe, dirty water gets into the lake.	Thousands of dead fish emerged in a lake in Mexico. Residents removed fifty tonnes of the fish. Now, people want to know why the fish died. Some people said that the fish died because of their “natural cycle”, but authorities told the media that the fish did not have enough oxygen. There wasn’t enough oxygen because of wastewater treatment plants – the plants probably did something wrong. If the owners of the plants are found guilty, they will have to pay for this.	As they collect thousands of dead fish, the question being asked is how did they die? Nearly 50 tonnes of dead fish have been removed by residents at the Cajititlan Lake in Mexico. The discharge of waste from treatment plants into the freshwater lake is thought to be the cause. “We’re going to submit recommendations in the coming days regarding the fundamentally  inadequate use of or operations of wastewater treatment plants around the lake which resulted in the lack of oxygen for the fish.” Local authorities had originally blamed the so-called “natural cycle” of the fish locally known as papocha for the mass deaths. But authorities told the media the deaths were very likely caused by man-made contamination . “There have been a significant number of deaths, but I insist that the deaths are due to a lack of oxygen caused by the wastewater in the lake.” Possible fines could be levied on the commercial plants around the lake if they are found guilty of not properly managing their waste disposal.
This news is about a pelican. He lives in a zoo. This zoo is in San Diego, California. The pelican is a boy. He is one month old. He is 12 pounds (5.4 kilograms) heavy. He is getting big. The zoo workers must watch him. The pelican must not eat too much. If he eats too much, he will grow too fast. Growing up very fast is not good. The pelican has a sibling , but he lives alone. Sometimes, pelican siblings fight, and that is dangerous.	Two Dalmatian Pelicans were born at the San Diego Zoo in California last month. Both of them are fine. One of them, in fact , is doing too good. He is just a month old, but he is around 12 pounds (5.4 kilograms) heavy. The zoo staff must watch the pelican to make sure that he does not eat too much. If he eats too much, he will grow too quickly. The two pelican siblings do not live together – that would be dangerous. Pelican siblings often attack each other. When they are both old enough, they will join the rest of the flock .	Aw… Isn’t he, um…cute? The Dalmatian pelican chick born last month is more than thriving – he’s huge ! The young bird’s weighs in at around 12 pounds (5.4 kilograms) and is just beginning to grow white feathers every over his downy fluff . “He started off a little bit slow and didn’t have really good weight gains for the first 10 days or a couple weeks, but since then he has really picked up. He’s doing very well. We have to monitor how much he eats, so he won’t grow too quickly.” The youngster is one of two pelican chicks being hand- reared at San Diego Zoo. Because aggression and competition among siblings has been documented in the wild, the pair of chicks are being raised separately to be able to ensure their well-being. “He’s still spending the nights inside, so in the morning we come in, we weigh him, we give him his first feed of the day and then we move him outside. He’s outside during the day, so that he can get sunlight and fresh air.” Animal care staff will hand-raise the birds for approximately 50 to 60 days until they are strong enough to return to their flock at the zoo’s safari park. That means, pretty soon, this not-so-little one will be able to flock with the birds of its feather . But, time for a sit down first.
In France, there was a terror attack. It happened in November 2015. 130 people died. Now, French authorities make a video. The video is about terror attacks. The video shows you what to do when a terror attack happens. It tells you to run away, if you can. Also, it tells you to help other people. The video shows you how. You tell other people about the attack. If you cannot run away, you hide .	French authorities published video instructions on what to do in the event of a terror attack. In November 2015, the terror attacks in France injured hundreds of people and killed 130 people. The video says that your first reaction should be to escape , to help others and to warn people of the danger. If you cannot escape, the video shows you how to protect yourself by hiding. The video also shows how to give first aid .	French authorities published an instruction video on how to react in the event of a terror attack similar to the one which killed 130 people and injured hundreds in November 2015. The simple step-by-step guide, which people shared on social media, gives advice on the dos and the don’ts in case of an armed attack. The video instructs that the first reaction should be to escape , to help others where possible and to warn others of danger. The video goes on to advise on how to protect oneself if trapped in a danger zone by hiding, locking doors or blocking doors with furniture and alerting the police. The guide concludes with practical instructions on how to give first aid.
The relationship between the USA and Iran is not good at the moment. The Pentagon is the military part of the USA. People say that the Pentagon wants to send more soldiers to the Middle East. The Pentagon wants to move 10,000 soldiers, ships and weapons there. The Pentagon wants the forces to be around Iran. We do not know if the White House approves this.	The Pentagon is a part of the military in the USA government. People say that Pentagon officials asked the White House to send 10,000 more troops to the Middle East last Thursday. People say that nothing is final and we do not known if the White House will approve this. The Pentagon wants more soldiers, ships and weapons in the area, especially around Iran. The relationship between the USA and Iran is not good at the moment.	The Pentagon is part of the military branch of the American government, and Pentagon officials reportedly scheduled to present plans to the White House last Thursday to send up to 10,000 more troops to the Middle East. People say that nothing has been finalised and it is still unclear if the White House will approve the request. The move aims to boost defence in the region, in particular around Iran. The Pentagon also seeks more Patriot missile defence systems, as well as more ships as part of its proposal. The Iran–USA relationship has worsened in the past several weeks. The USA said that Iran mobilised proxy groups to target American forces in Iraq and Syria.
Catalonia is a region in Spain. Barcelona is its capitol. Many people celebrate the National Day of Catalonia. Hundreds of thousands of people are in the streets of Barcelona. They show their support for Catalonia’s independence from Spain. They wave the Catalonian flag, the estelada. Catalonia is planning a referendum on 1st October. People can choose if they want to stay with Spain, or be independent. Not all people want to leave Spain. Some people want to stay.	Hundreds of thousands of people came together in Barcelona, Spain, to celebrate the National Day of Catalonia. The people wanted to show their support for Catalonia’s independence . Many campaigners waved the pro-independence flag, the estelada. A referendum on Catalonia’s independence is planned for 1st October. Spain considers it illegal, but the Catalan government will hold it anyway. The public, however, is divided – some people support independence and some do not.	Hundreds of thousands of people gathered in Barcelona, Spain, to celebrate the National Day of Catalonia and to show their support of the impending referendum. Many campaigners waved the pro- independence flag, the estelada. The referendum, planned for 1st October, has been deemed illegal by Spain, but the Catalan government has vowed to hold the referendum, regardless. The controversy continues as polls indicate  division over independence from Spain.
Something interesting happens in the sky. You can watch it at night. You can watch it from any place on earth . Yes, we are talking about the “supermoon.” Sometimes, the moon gets closer to earth. When it is very close, we can see the supermoon. The supermoon looks bigger than the normal moon.	A giant “supermoon” lit up the world recently. The event was the most dramatic one of the year. A supermoon happens when it is a full moon or new moon , and the moon is also closest to the earth. The moon then looks bigger. The moon gets closer to the earth from time to time. The moon may sometimes look bigger, but it is not a supermoon. There can be only one supermoon per year. You could watch the supermoon from any place on the planet.	A giant “supermoon” has lit up the night skies across the world in one of the most anticipated and most dramatic astronomical events of the year. This year’s Perseid meteor shower meant that scientists and stargazers around the globe were dazzled by the biggest and brightest “supermoon” of this year. The phenomenon occurs when a full or new  moon  coincides when the moon is at its closest point to earth making it appear bigger than usual. “Recently, there’s been this misidentification of other full moons as super moons. This is the supermoon, this is the largest full moon of the calendar year. The full moon that occurred in July and the full moon that will occur in September are also going to be large, but not as large as this one, so they’ve been called the supermoon, although by the strict definition there’s only one per year. They’re sort of quasi- supermoons, or super-ish moons, but this is the supermoon.” The massive moon could be seen from various points all over the world, from China to Brazil to Spain. It was at its closest point to Earth yesterday early evening.
It rains heavily in Argentina. Some cattle is in danger. Farmers must help their animals. They show them the way across a river. The animals must swim in the water. Some animals are not strong enough. They need special help. People put these animals on their boats. The river water goes up. The famous Iguazu Falls are closed to visitors.	Torrential rains and flooding threatened the lives of cattle and horses in Argentina. Local farmers had to guide their cows, bulls and horses across a river to safety. The animals swam and waded through the water. Some of them needed special assistance or even rides on a boat. Torrential rain caused river water levels to surge . The famous Iguazu Falls was closed to visitors. The walkways and viewpoints were flooded.	Dramatic rescue operations took place on Wednesday after torrential downpours and flooding threatened the lives of cattle and horses in Argentina. Local farmers in the north of the country guided their cows, bulls and horses across a river to safety. The animals can be seen swimming and wading through the water, as they were anchored with ropes to small boats. Some needed special assistance or even a ride to get across the strong current . Torrential rain has pummelled the region over the weekend, causing river water levels to surge . The famous Iguazu Falls was closed to visitors, as brown floodwater cascaded over the falls and obstructed walkways and viewpoints.
This happens 10 years ago. A man kidnaps a woman. She is only 15. Her boyfriend drugs her. He locks her in a garage. The woman must marry him. She must have their child, too. She tries to escape , but she fails. The boyfriend hits her. Now, the woman contacts police. She tells them her story. Police arrest the man. He is 41 years old.	10 years ago a man kidnapped a woman. She was just 15 when she disappeared. Her captor forced her to marry him and have their child. The woman contacted police on Tuesday. She told detectives her story. Fifteen years ago, her then boyfriend drugged her and locked her in a garage. She tried to escape two times. The man beat her afterwards. Police arrested the 41 year-old man.	A woman who was kidnapped 10 years ago and forced to marry her captor has been found in California. The woman, who has not been named, was just 15 when she disappeared and was reported missing in August 2004 near southeast Los Angeles. She contacted police on Tuesday and told detectives she was taken from her home by her then boyfriend Isidro Garcia who drugged her and locked her in a garage. Over the last decade, she was forced to marry him and have their child. “My understanding is there were continued and repeated sexual assaults. On two occasions, she tried to escape. He caught her. He beat her for her efforts.” Police have since arrested 41-year-old Garcia on suspicion of kidnapping, rape , child abuse and false imprisonment.
This news is from Santiago de Chile. Twenty cars meet there. They are in front of the presidential palace. They are special. They are solar-powered . Some of the cars are hybrids . Some you can ride like a bicycle. The cars prepare for a race . The race goes through the Atacama Desert. The race takes five days. It is 870 miles long (1,400 km).	People displayed twenty futuristic solar cars in Santiago in front of Chile’s presidential palace. Drivers and passersby could check out the special designs. All of the cars were either completely solar-powered or hybrids, which also use human power. The driver could pedal one car from the inside of the cockpit . The cars prepared for a race through the Atacama Desert. The 870-mile-long race (1,400 km) will take five days.	Twenty futuristic solar cars have been put on display in Chile, as participants from around the world prepared to race through the Atacama Desert. The cars, shown off on Wednesday, are either completely solar-powered or hybrids that use both solar and human-power, which allows the racers to give an extra push by pedalling from inside the cockpit. The sleek designs were on exhibit in downtown Santiago in front of Chile’s presidential palace, where drivers and passersby checked out the unique designs ahead of the competition. Teams from around the world took to Chile ready to take part in the race with the hopes of being crowned 2014 champions and to test their designs against the challenging course . The 20 teams will put their vehicles to the test during a five-day race that will cover 870 miles (1,400 km) through the unforgiving Atacama Desert, starting on November 13th.
In the UK, a new documentary comes out. It is about the famous singer Michael Jackson. In it, two men say that Jackson sexually abused them when they were children. In London, Jackson fans protest. Celebrities protest the documentary online. A Jackson family member says that the documentary does not tell everything. It does not say that these men go to court to get money from Jackson’s estate . They try to get millions of dollars. They do not win. He says that they want the documentary to do well. They are going to court again. The documentary can help them win money.	In the UK, a new documentary came out about singer Michael Jackson. Two men in the documentary say that Jackson sexually abused them when they were children. In London, Jackson fans protested, and celebrities protested the documentary online. Jackson’s nephew said that the documentary leaves out information. It does not say that these men sued Jackson’s estate for millions of dollars in 2016, which they did not win. If the documentary does well, it can help appeal the lawsuit, which means that they can win a lot of money.	In the UK, a new documentary aired about singer Michael Jackson called ‘Leaving Neverland’. In the documentary, two men tell their stories about how Jackson sexually abused them when they were children. In London, Jackson fans went to Channel 4 Studios to protest, and celebrities protested the documentary online. In response, Jackson’s family said that these people are ‘ opportunists ’ and ‘liars’. Jackson’s nephew said that the documentary does not add that these men sued Jackson’s estate for millions of dollars in 2016. At that time, they did not win their lawsuit. He said that the men need the documentary to do well because this year they are appealing the lawsuit. If the documentary helps them win the lawsuit, they win a lot of money.
Mogadishu is the capital of Somalia. A group of men attack a hotel in Mogadishu. The attack happens on Sunday evening. A bomb explodes in a car in front of the hotel. Then, a group of men run inside the hotel. They start to shoot. They fight with the police. The shooting lasts until early morning hours. Nine people die in the attack. Four dead people are the attackers. These people are Islamists. Islamists are people who strongly believe in Islam. They are aggressive . They attack people. The situation in Somalia is difficult. The government plans elections in December last year. Some people believe that the president wants to have an impact on the elections. It is possible that the president wants to change the elections. Many people get angry. They start to fight in the streets.	On Sunday evening, a group of Islamists attacked a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu. First, a car exploded in front of the hotel, and then, a group of men ran inside. They started to shoot and fight with the police. The shooting lasted until the early morning hours, and police said that nine people died. Four of the dead people were the attackers. A terrorist group, al-Shabaab, said that they made the attack. The political situation in Somalia is unstable now and there are armed groups that want to change the politics in the country. The situation got worse since December last year that was the date of elections in the country. The elections did not happen because some politicians said that the president wanted to influence the results.	According to police, nine people died after Islamist insurgents stormed a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, on Sunday evening. A suicide car bombing was followed by a shootout between Al-Qaeda linked militants and security forces during which four attackers died. Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack; it regularly carries out gun and bomb attacks in Mogadishu and across the country. The assault took place amid angry disputes over delayed elections that were meant to begin in December last year; however, they were put back after the opposition accused the president of filling the electoral board with his supporters. Times of political turmoil have traditionally boosted violent rebellion against the government.
People in Paris, France, protest against the COVID pass system. The COVID pass system means that people can go to some places. This is only when they get full vaccination . Or it is when they have a negative COVID-19 test. These places are cinemas, restaurants, shops, and others. The French government says that this will help make more people get vaccinations. If people do not get vaccinations, more people may be sick. Then another lockdown may come. Some people do not agree with this. People protest for the 9 th weekend in Paris. Many children get vaccinations before school starts. Some parents protest. One 11-year-old boy says that he does not want to be a part of the government´s tests.	People in Paris, France, protested for the 9 th weekend against the COVID pass system which the government introduced in July. The new system means that whoever wants to go to a restaurant, cinema, shopping center, gym, or other public place, must show the COVID pass or a negative test. People get the COVID pass when they receive full COVID-19 vaccination. The government says that the pass will encourage more people to get vaccinations, and it is the only way to avoid another lockdown. More than 250,000 protested on previous weekends. Some parents did not want to get their children vaccinated before the start of the school year. An 11-year-old boy in the city of Bordeaux protested with his father, and he said that he did not want to get the vaccine because he was not a laboratory rat .	Protesters marched in Paris, France, for the 9 th  straight weekend, protesting France´s government- mandated health pass that is required to enter cinemas, restaurants, gyms, and museums. The government introduced the measure to slow the spread of COVID-19; however, protesters repeatedly said that the system unfairly restricted the unvaccinated. Under the COVID pass system, introduced in stages since mid-July, anyone wishing to enter a restaurant, theater, cinema, long-distance train, or large shopping center must show proof of vaccination or a negative test. The government insists that the pass is necessary to encourage more vaccinations and to avoid a fourth national lockdown, with the unvaccinated accounting for most of the COVID-19 patients in hospital. More than 250,000 people marched on previous weekends, claiming that the vaccine wasn´t the solution. Some people refused to get their children vaccinated just days before the start of the new school year. An 11-year-old boy who marched with his father said that he wasn´t a laboratory rat.
In the past, women could not vote . Some women wanted to change this. They were called suffragettes. They wanted the right to vote in Britain. This was in the early 20th century. There is a new movie. It is called “Suffragette”. Actresses of this movie meet. They are at a premiere in London. They talk about the film. Ten women fall on the floor. They lie on the floor. This is a protest. They protest against domestic violence . They want more help for victims of domestic violence.	Suffragettes were women who tried to gain the right to vote for women in Britain and the USA in the early 20th century. Now, a movie called “Suffragette” is coming to cinemas. Actresses of the movie were talking to the media about the film at a premiere in London when 10 women threw themselves onto the floor. It was part of a modern-day protest – the women are calling for greater help for victims of domestic violence . The stars of the movie commented on the demonstration.	A century after the original suffragettes made the headlines for their protest for women’s rights, the same scenes are being replayed, but this time on the red carpet. Whilst the A-listers spoke to the media about the release of their new film, 10 women threw themselves onto the floor in London’s Leicester Square. This time, in protest of modern day causes – calling on for greater support for victims of domestic violence. They shouted, “David Cameron take note, dead women can’t vote.” Those involved in the new film also passed comment on the demonstration. “It’s really, really poignant ; I think it was before and it is now. I think, you know, I think, hopefully, it inspires everyone in terms of the way that they view the world. We’re an imbalanced society at the moment, and films like this sparking conversations about how we can correct that balance is a great thing.” “It does feel very fitting that on the opening night of ‘Suffragette’ people, are protesting for their own cause!” “I thought it was rather wonderful, actually, I thought it was in the spirit of the “Suffragette”, obviously, it’s an incredibly important movement in what they’re trying to do, so I think she would have approved, Emmeline Pankhurst, actually.” While security attempted to remove the protestors, their efforts seemed only to highlight just how powerful the meaning of this protest became.
A café in Prague, the Czech Republic, makes unusual cakes. Last year, the café makes a special cake. It looks like the coronavirus. People love it. It is very popular. The café makes a new cake now. It looks like the coronavirus vaccine. A vaccine is a medicine that stops a sickness. The cake has red crosses on the sides. A small vaccine capsule is on the top. The cake tastes of bananas and strawberries. A little bit of strawberry alcohol is in the capsule. People love the new cake, too. The situation is bad in the Czech Republic now. Many people have the coronavirus. People must not travel. Schools close. The café wants to make people happy. The café reminds people that it is important to get the coronavirus vaccine. It will make the situation better.	Last year, a café in Prague, the Czech Republic, became very popular when it made a cake which looked like the coronavirus. Now, the Black Madonna café offers a new cake which looks like the coronavirus vaccine. The cake has red crosses on the sides and a small vaccine capsule on the top. Inside, there is a sponge base with banana mousse and strawberry-banana filling. Inside the capsule, there is strawberry alcohol. Customers love the idea and the cake is becoming quickly popular, too. Some people joked online that the café could make a cake which looked like a coffin , which was a traditional Czech dessert. The café wanted to make people happy and remind them that vaccination was a good thing.	The Black Madonna café in the historic center of Prague, the Czech Republic, is now offering vaccine-shaped cakes. The café previously made international headlines with a cake in the shape of the coronavirus, and many customers were charmed with the idea. Now, patrons can follow-up and enjoy a new dessert that is made of a thin sponge base with fluffy banana mousse and a strawberry-banana filling. The confection has red crosses on the sides and a small vaccine capsule sticking out of the top. While the base of the dessert can be enjoyed by people of all ages, the capsule contains a splash of strawberry gin for adults. While some customers suggested on social media that the café should make a wreath or coffin -shaped cake, which are actually traditional Czech desserts, the cake maker wanted to stay positive and encourage people to get vaccinated.
An accident happens in China. A truck suddenly changes direction . It hits the side of a car. That car is white. The car stops in front of the truck. The truck driver cannot see it. People wave at the truck. The truck pushes the car 500 metres. Police say that this is the truck driver’s fault .	A security camera captured the moment a truck pushed a car 500 metres down a busy road in China. Luckily, no one was hurt. The accident happened when the truck suddenly veered and hit the side of a white car. The car swung around 90 degrees and stop in front of the truck. The truck driver said that he didn’t see the car so he kept driving. Onlookers waved at him to stop. The police said the truck driver was at fault . The damaged car will be repaired.	This shocking CCTV footage captured the moment a freight truck pushed a car 500 metres down a busy road in China. Miraculously, no one was hurt. The accident happened when the empty freight truck suddenly veered and knocked into the side of a white car, forcing the car to swing around 90 degrees and stop in front of the truck. The driver claims he didn’t see the car turn in front of him and continued down the road in China’s Xinjiang region despite onlookers waving at him to stop. Luckily, no one was injured. A police traffic report found the truck driver at fault and the damaged car is undergoing repairs.
A large plane lands in Antarctica. It happens for the first time in history. Few people live in Antarctica. Scientists stay there. Tourists visit Antarctica sometimes, too. Most people usually come by ships. Planes do not land there often. There is no proper  runway like at airports. There are no lines to help the planes land. There is no electricity on the runway. It is difficult to land on Antarctica. The runway is full of snow and ice. The plane travels from Cape Town in South Africa. The trip is five hours long. The people stay for only three hours in Antarctica. They bring cargo for tourists.	For the first time ever, an Airbus A340 landed in Antarctica. A Portuguese company flew the aircraft from South Africa´s Cape Town. The flight from Cape Town to Antarctica lasted five hours, and the journey took 4,630 kilometers altogether. An adventure camp paid for the flight, and the crew brought food and other things to the camp. The crew spent only three hours there. The captain said that landing on Antarctica was not easy because the runway was icy, and there was no equipment which he normally uses at airports. Most people usually get to Antarctica by ship, so it was very unusual to see an airbus on the runway. The company said that they usually carried only a few tourists, scientists, and things that people needed to Antarctica.	An Airbus A340 plane flown by Portuguese company Hi Fly landed on an icy runway in Antarctica for the first time in history. The plane landed after a five-hour flight from Cape Town, South Africa, and the entire journey there and back covered 4,630 kilometers. An adventure camp commissioned the plane, and the plane brought supplies to its resort. The team spent less than three hours on the ground of Antarctica. According to the captain, landing on a blue ice runway required a totally different way to approach the mission. There was no ground support equipment such as air start or a ground power unit, and there were other concerns. For example, there were no navigation or visual aids to support the landing. Hi Fly specializes in wet leases , and it’s responsible for the insurance, maintenance, and other logistics. The company said that the aircraft would fly a small number of tourists alongside scientists and essential cargo to Antarctica.
A man kills a French teacher in Paris two weeks ago. The teacher shows cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed in his class. The Prophet Mohammed is the founder of Islam. The teacher says that it is important that French people can speak freely. But many French Muslims have problems with these cartoons. Last week, a man kills three people in Nice. The man comes from Tunisia. He is 21 years old. He gets to France through Italy. Police shoot the man. He is in hospital now. His situation is very serious. An emergency situation is in France now. 4,000 soldiers in France help keep schools and churches safe. The country has a big problem with Islam right now. The French president says that France must fight with terrorists .	Last week, a man killed three people with a knife in the French city of Nice. The attack happened inside a basilica in the historic center of the city. Police shot the attacker, but they did not kill him. The man ended up in hospital in critical condition. Police said that the attacker was a 21-year old man from Tunisia, who came to France through Italy in September. France declared a terror emergency level, and 4,000 soldiers will help protect schools, churches, and other places. Only weeks ago, a man killed a French teacher because he showed cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed in his class. This increased emotions in France over Islam and freedom of speech .	At least three people were killed during a knife attack in the French city of Nice. The attack took place at a time of heightened tension in the country over Islam, secularism and freedom of speech. Several other people were injured during the spree inside the Notre Dame basilica in the city center, and according to reports, one of the victims was beheaded. The knife man was shot by police and later, he was hospitalized in critical condition. He was identified as a Tunisian national, who was unknown to French intelligence services, and he entered Europe in September through Italy. France has raised its national terror alert guidance to its highest emergency level, and up to 4,000 military personnel will be sent to increase security at schools, churches, and other places.
This news is from the USA. A man works at a centre. It is a centre for orphaned animals. The man is friends with a Kodiak bear. The bear is 20 years old. His name is Jimmy. He weighs 635 kilograms. The man and the bear hug and play. The bear even licks the man’s face.	We all love a good bear hug , but not many people experience a literal one. A man from the Orphaned Wildlife Centre in America is friends with a Kodiak bear. They hug, play and scratch each other’s backs. The bear called Jimmy is 20 years old and weighs 635 kilograms.	We all love a good bear hug , but who is lucky enough to experience the thing in its literal sense? Jim Kowalczik from the Orphaned Wildlife Centre in America is one of those chosen ones. He has a 635-kilogram furry friend named Jimmy with a lot of love to give. He is a 20-year-old Kodiak bear, one of 11 species of rescued bears at the rehabilitation centre for orphaned animals.
Christchurch is a city in New Zealand. On Friday, there are two mass shootings there. At least 49 people die. Twenty people are badly injured . The shootings happen at two mosques . The attacker is a 28-year-old man. He kills mostly immigrants. He hates Muslims and immigrants.	Christchurch is a city in New Zealand and last Friday evening, there were two mass shootings there. At least 49 people died and 20 people were seriously injured. The terrorist was a 28-year-old Australian man. He targeted migrants and refugees mostly, and the shootings happened at two mosques . The police found an 87-page manifesto filled with his anti-immigrant and anti-Muslim ideas. The country’s Prime Minister, Jacinda Ardern, called the day one of New Zealand’s darkest. She said that she would change the country’s gun laws.	Last Friday evening in Christchurch, the largest city in the South Island of New Zealand, two mass shootings took place. At least 49 people died and 20 were seriously injured. The terror attack targeted two mosques in the city. Police identified the shooter as a 28-year-old Australian man and charged him with murder. Police found an 87-page manifesto filled with anti-immigrant, anti-Muslim ideas – migrants and refugees appeared to be most affected by the shootings. The country’s Prime Minister, Jacinda Ardern, called the day one of New Zealand’s darkest, and she would change the country’s firearm laws in response to the attacks.
This news is about an expensive Christmas tree. It is in Munich, Germany. It is made of 63 kilogrammes of gold coins . It is three metres tall. It is Europe’s most expensive Christmas tree. It is worth 2.3 million Euros. Security watches it 24/7 .	Europe’s most expensive Christmas tree is in Munich, Germany, and it is made of 63 kilogrammes of gold coins. It is three metres tall, it is under 24-hour surveillance , and it is worth 2.3 million Euros.	Europe’s most expensive Christmas tree, which is made of 63 kilogrammes of gold coins, has gone on display in Munich, Germany. It stands at nearly three metres tall and is worth 2.3 million Euros.
The coronavirus is in many countries. Many people stay at home. Factories stop making things. Cars and farm animals make dangerous gas. This gas makes the air dirty. Now, there are fewer cars in the streets. Scientists can see that the air is cleaner. Between the big US cities of Washington and Boston, there is 30% less dangerous gas than usual. In other big cities, the situation is similar. Many European cities have cleaner air. For example, these cities are Madrid, Rome and Paris. Many places are empty and quiet. This is a good time for animals. Animals come closer to people´s homes. They wander in the streets of empty towns. In Australia, people see kangaroos in the streets. In Wales, wild goats come to the center of a small town.	Scientists recorded less air pollution and more animal activity than is usual at this time of year. Images from space satellites show lower levels of nitrogen dioxide, which is a dangerous gas that pollutes the air. Cars and farm animals make nitrogen dioxide, and now, many people stay at home because of the coronavirus. This is the reason why there is less nitrogen dioxide in the air. Scientists recorded more than 30% less nitrogen dioxide in the area between Washington and Boston, and more than 45% less nitrogen dioxide in Madrid, Milan, Rome, and Paris. Animals are starting to come closer to people´s homes, and they roam empty streets and waterways. People could see kangaroos in city streets in Australia, and wild goats came to the center of a town in Wales.	Scientists have recorded drops in air pollution and increased animal activity caused by the coronavirus pandemic. Satellite images show lower levels of nitrogen dioxide, the gas produced by burning fossil fuels for human transportation and animal production. According to NASA, the levels of nitrogen dioxide recorded in the region between Washington and Boston are about 30% lower than average. Across the Atlantic, the European Space Agency has recorded a 45% decline of the gas in Madrid, Milan, and Rome, and a 54% decline in Paris. Animals are taking advantage of the limited human activity, and they have started roaming empty streets and waterways. Kangaroos have been spotted in city streets in Australia, and herds of goats have been seen at crosswalks in Wales. Scientists say that more data needs to be collected to see the full impact that the recent decline in human activity will have on the planet.
Apple store employees clock  out when they stop work. Then they have to have their bags, packages, and personal Apple items searched. Employees say that the searches can take 5 to 20 minutes. The highest court in California, USA, does not like this. It says that Apple must pay its employees for this time. It says that this time is the same as the time at work. The court rules that Apple has to pay employees money as far back as the summer of 2009.	Apple stores say that employees have to clock  out before their bags, packages, and personal Apple devices are checked. Employees estimate that the checks can take 5 to 20 minutes. Now the highest court in California, USA, says that Apple must pay its employees for this time spent at work. Apple said that people can leave their personal things at home, but the court said that Apple’s own CEO said that people would not want to leave their iPhones at home. The court said that the back pay could go as far back as the summer of 2009.	Apple retail stores require their employees to stop working before there are mandatory bag searches and checks of packages and personal Apple devices. Employees say that the searches can take 5 to 20 minutes. Now the California Supreme Court says that Apple must pay the time for its employees for these searches. Apple said that people can leave their personal items at home, but the court said that the idea was ironic . The Apple CEO said in 2017 that people would not want to leave their iPhones at home. The court said that Apple can change its search policies, but it has to pay back the time to employees. The ruling is retroactive , so employees can be paid for the time back to the summer of 2009.
The chihuahua is a small dog. It is small but it can be very brave . One chihuahua helped a small girl when she was attacked by a pit bull. The chihuahua came to help the girl and was able to get the bad dog away from the girl. People have the bad dog now. They will kill the dog. The girl has big problems with her face. She will need hours of operations. But without the chihuahua’s help, the girl would have bigger problems.	The chihuahua is a small type of dog. It may be small but it can be very brave. One chihuahua helped a small girl when she was attacked by a pit bull. The chihuahua came to help the girl and managed to get the aggressive dog away from her. People caught the pit bull and they will kill it. The girl has terrible injuries and she will need hours of surgery . But if the chihuahua had not helped her, it could have been much worse.	A four year old chihuahua named Honey may be small, but she makes up for it in courage. She showed this skill off after a much bigger pit bull attacked her owner’s granddaughter, Jenna. Honey came to her rescue, bravely drawing the aggressive dog away. People later caught the pit bull and put  it  down . The pit bull had bit Jenna so badly that she needed over a hundred stitches to fix her eye and hours of surgery. It could have been much worse, however, if the brave chihuahua had not sprung into action.
Facebook is a social network. People make accounts and groups on Facebook. People want to share information, stories, and pictures. Some people share false information. They make fake accounts. They want to change other people and their ideas. It is very difficult to know what information is true. Facebook deletes about 100 accounts and 29 groups in four countries. There is also a problem in Russia. Some people say wrong information about Ukraine. Facebook wants to know who the people are. Facebook finds out that these people have a contact with Russian military. A similar thing happens in Iran. Some people say false information about the US.	Facebook deleted three networks of accounts in Russia, Iran, Vietnam, and Myanmar. These networks were not connected. Facebook said that they wanted to manipulate people and that they gave false information. The biggest campaign was in Russia. Individual people acted as local people, and they posted false information about local and political news. They focused mostly on Ukraine. Facebook investigated the identities of these people and found out that these people had links to the Russian military. The campaign in Iran was smaller; however, the idea was similar. Individual people posted false information about the US. In Myanmar and Vietnam, people created false groups, and they criticized some companies.	Facebook removed three networks of accounts that were trying to manipulate users with misinformation. These networks were not related to each other, and they were based in Russia, Iran, Vietnam, and Myanmar. In total, Facebook removed 97 accounts, 21 pages and 29 groups. Facebook said that the Russian campaign was the largest, and it mostly targeted Ukraine. Individuals, who posed as locals, posted content about local and political news. The people behind this network tried to hide their identities; however, Facebook´s investigation found links to Russian military intelligence services. The Iranian campaign was much smaller. It targeted the US, and it used similar ideas. Campaigns in Myanmar and Vietnam involved creating fake consumer groups, and they criticized telecom providers and a PR company.
This news is from Queensland. Queensland is in Australia. A sinkhole opens at a campsite . Cars and tents fall into it. Around 140 people must move away. Everybody is fine. The sinkhole is as big as a football field. It is 2.7 metres deep.	A sinkhole opened up at a beach in Queensland, Australia. It was as large as a football field and 2.7 metres deep. The sinkhole swallowed tents and campers , but it injured nobody. Around 140 people had to evacuate from the popular campsite .	A sinkhole the size of a football field has swallowed  campers and tents at a popular Queensland campsite. Around 140 people had to be evacuated from the popular site near Queensland’s Rainbow Beach. Police and emergency crews were on site quickly, helping those in the immediate vicinity to evacuate. While some unfortunate campers lost their vehicles, others managed to escape to safety just in time. “I heard a bit of commotion going on and when we woke up we looked out and there was the police up here with the lights on and people running round saying the sinkhole’s taking everyone’s van and what have you.” “It’s heavy! There was just this hole. we didn’t even know there was a caravan in it.” “We got woken up and they told us to get out and have a look so we got out and, yeah, got the car and the boat out and slept on the road last night and came back in and, yeah, the tent was still there luckily but next door lost their camper, it’s in the water.” Queensland Parks and Wildlife Services said the 500-foot (152 metres) sinkhole is 9 feet deep (2.7 metres) and takes up a large part of the campsite. Officials are continuing to monitor the situation and geotechnical engineers are to provide an assessment of the site.
People in NASA build a new ventilator . NASA builds the ventilator in 37 days. The ventilator helps people with the coronavirus. The ventilator is different. It is less complicated than usual ventilators. It has fewer parts. It is not difficult to buy the parts. Medical workers can work with the ventilator more easily. The ventilator can work for three or four months. It is good only for people with the coronavirus. They do not need more complicated ventilators. It is possible to change some parts of the ventilator. Field hospitals can use it in emergency situations. NASA´s workers are happy. They help medical workers and hospitals.	NASA made a new type of a ventilator for patients with the coronavirus. The ventilator is not as advanced as a traditional ventilator, and NASA intended that the ventilator could work only for three to four months. The ventilator is suitable for coronavirus patients who do not need more advanced ventilators. However, NASA built it faster and used fewer parts than in traditional ventilators. Medical workers can also operate it more easily. All parts are available in supply chains , and it is possible to change the ventilator for big field hospitals around the world. The director of NASA´s laboratory in California said that the staff is happy to help the medical community.	NASA has developed and successfully tested a new high-pressure ventilator tailored to COVID-19 patients. The agency said that the ventilator can be built faster, and it can be maintained more easily than a traditional ventilator. It took NASA only 37 days to build it, and fewer parts were needed. NASA said that parts are available in existing supply chains and that the ventilator can be modified for high-capacity field hospitals around the world. The ventilator is only intended to last three to four months. It is made specifically for COVID-19 patients who do not require more advanced ventilators. Michael Watkins, the director of NASA´s laboratory in California, said that their staff felt that it was their duty to use their engineering and energy and to support the medical community.
Halloween is coming. Two divers carve pumpkins underwater. It is a competition . The faster person wins. These people are a couple . The boy wins. He carves his pumpkin in 1 minute and 57 seconds. He says that it is not easy. You must move slowly underwater. There are also a lot of fish around.	An aquarium in London marked the start of the Halloween season. Two divers carved pumpkins in a fish tank. It was, in fact, a competition against each other and the  clock . The two people are actually a couple, and the winner was the boy. He carved his pumpkin in just 1 minute and 57 seconds. He said that carving a pumpkin underwater was hard. He had to move really slowly and watch out for fish.	It’s underwater pumpkin carving like you’ve never seen it before, unless you have, then it’s pretty much the same thing. But these two divers at the Sea Life London Aquarium were not only faced with the challenge to see who could carve the fastest, they also had to fend off some inquisitive cownose rays . Graham Banton and Rebecca Carter put their skills to the test and battled it out surrounded by over 500 marine  creatures . But Graham emerged as the winner, carving his pumpkin in just 1 minute and 57 seconds. “I feel really good about winning, especially as I was competing against my girlfriend, which makes it feel even better, and I probably had a sharper knife as well. It’s actually tougher than it looks, obviously we were competing against each other and the  clock . But the water play a big part too – makes you have to move really slowly, makes it much harder. Plus, in this display, we’ve got around 500 animals that are always coming to have a look, too.” The carve-off marked the start of the Halloween season at the aquarium.
A bus is carrying tourists. They are from Japan. They are on holiday in Taiwan. There is a typhoon in Taiwan. Strong winds hit the bus. The bus overturns . Seven people are injured . They are between 50 and 60 years old. They go to hospital. This is the third typhoon in Taiwan this month. It kills more than four people. Hundreds of people are injured. Millions of homes have no power. Traffic is stopped.	A coach was carrying Japanese tourists in central Taiwan when it overturned. It was the strong winds from Typhoon Megi. At least seven passengers were injured. They were taken to a local hospital. They were between 50 and 60 years old. Typhoon Megi is the third typhoon to hit Taiwan recently. It already killed more than four people. Hundreds more were injured, and millions of homes have no power. Bus and subway services are suspended , and international flights are cancelled . People think that the typhoon will move across Taiwan to China.	A coach carrying Japanese tourists overturned on a national highway in central Taiwan in the strong winds of typhoon Megi. At least seven passengers were injured and went to a local hospital for medical treatment. They were between 50 and 60 years old. Typhoon Megi is the third typhoon to have recently hit Taiwan. It has killed more than four people and injured hundreds more, as well as cut power to millions of homes. Bus and subway services have been suspended in Taipei and international flights have been cancelled. People expect the typhoon to move across Taiwan and eventually make its way to China.
This news is from California. A dolphin lives at a theme park . She is a female . She is a mother. Her first dolphin is 13 years old. She gives birth to a second dolphin. It is 40 pounds (18kg) heavy. Vets watch the two dolphins non-stop. They say that they are fine. They swim together.	A dolphin gave birth to her second calf at a theme park in California. The baby weighed 40 pounds (18kg). The newborn dolphin is the 80th successfully-born dolphin at the centre. Trainers and vets said that the mother and her baby are in good health, and they are bonding and swimming together. The vets will continue to watch the two 24/7 for the next few weeks. The dolphin’s first calf was born in 2009.	A bottlenose dolphin, Sadie, gave birth yesterday to her second calf at Sea World San Diego. Sadie gave birth at 3:32 PM at dolphin stadium after a 12-month gestation period . The baby came in at whopping 40 pounds (18kg). Trainers and vets have said that the mother and baby appeared to be in good health and are bonding and swimming together. In the next few weeks, they’ll continue to monitor both mother and baby around the clock . The gender of the calf is still unknown and will be determined within several weeks. Thirteen-year-old Sadie’s first calf, named Kailani Koa, was born in 2009. The newborn dolphin marks the 80th successful dolphin birth at Sea World San Diego.
This happens at a theatre in England. A security camera captures something strange . It happens at night. A chair moves on its own . This is not normal. Why did the chair move? Did a ghost move it? We do not know. The theatre manager said that strange things happen at this theatre.	A security camera captured something strange at a theatre in England. A chair moved on its own. Could this be evidence of ghosts? It is also weird that a psychic medium visited the theatre earlier that night. Did he summon a ghost and forgot to put it back? We simply don’t know. However, the theatre manager said that a lot of weird things happen at this theatre.	Just another night at the theatre, or is there something spooky going on here? Look again. This bone-chilling CCTV was captured at the Brookside Theatre in Romford, Essex and shows a chair appearing to move on its own. Could this be evidence of ghosts? Middle class theatre-loving ghosts, but ghosts? To make things weirder, this potentially supernatural event happened after a psychic medium had been on stage earlier in the night. Maybe he summoned some spirits and forgot to put them back. The theatre’s manager Jai Sepple said that a lot of weird things had happened in the building over the years – we assume he’s talking about pantomimes which are always bizarre – but he did add that this is easily the freakiest thing he’s seen.
This happens in London. A woman is on a train. She is a mother. She has her baby with her. She breastfeeds her baby. A man sees this. He does not like it. He starts to talk to the woman. He tells her to stop. He is loud and unpleasant . Other people see this situation. One man wants to help the woman. He sits between the other man and the woman. Soon, a person with a camera comes. The person tells everyone that the situation is an experiment .	People created a social experiment to see how others really react to breastfeeding in public spaces. Part of the experiment showed a situation on the tube in London. An actress started breastfeeding on the train and a man, also an actor, was not happy about it. He told her that she was making him feel uncomfortable, and he asked her to stop. The man became increasingly louder and one of the passengers stepped in . He took a seat between the man and the woman to show his support for the mother. A moment afterwards, a person with a camera entered the carriage and told everyone about the experiment.	A video shows a social experiment created to see how passers-by react to breastfeeding in public spaces. Two actors came on a train in England to initiate the experiment. One of the actors, a woman, started breastfeeding on the train which was met with criticism from a man sitting next to one seat from her. He, too, was an actor. He said that he felt ‘a bit uncomfortable about’ the breastfeeding and would prefer that the woman not do it in front of him. The actress did not care about his request, and their exchange started escalating . After the seat between the two vacated , a passenger who witnessed the confrontation took the seat and told the man that he was acting quite aggressively. Not long after, a camera man came out and informed everyone of the experiment.
Here is news from Germany. A bus is on a highway. There are 48 passengers on the bus. They are on a tour. The bus crashes. It catches fire. Eighteen people die. Thirty people are injured. Rescue helicopters  land on the highway. They move people to hospital.	A bus in Germany crashed and caught fire on Monday morning. Forty-eight passengers were on the bus. They were a tour group of elderly citizens . Out of the 48 passengers, 18 died. The other 30 were injured. Rescue helicopters landed on the motorway to help transport the people to hospital.	A bus, which people believe was carrying a tour group of German elderly citizens , crashed and caught fire on early Monday morning. Out of the 48 passengers, 18 were feared dead and another 30 were injured. Rescue helicopters landed on the motorway to help transport the people to hospital.
Capri is an Italian island. It has many problems with fishing. Divers catch mussels there. This is illegal . Mussels live on coral reefs and rocks. Divers use hammers. Sometimes they use explosives , too. It damages the reefs very badly. Coral reefs grow very slowly. They need many years to return to the right size again. Divers sell the mussels to local restaurants. One kilogram costs up to 240 dollars. Local officials ask the Italian government for help. They would like to make a marine reserve. A marine reserve is a place where fishermen and tourists cannot go.	Capri is a southern Italian island and it has problems with illegal fishing. Local politicians are asking the government for help. They want to make a marine reserve where fishermen and tourists cannot go. Divers harvest mussels which are very valuable and harvesting them is illegal. Divers use hammers and even explosives, which badly damages rocks and coral reefs . Coral reefs need many years to grow again. On the black market, one kilogram of mussels costs up to 240 dollars. The problem is that local restaurants buy them. Recently, local police stopped two illegal groups who harvested mussels in Capri. They sold over 7.5 kilograms of them in just a few months.	Local politicians in the Italian island of Capri are urging the government to establish a protected marine reserve around the island in an effort to protect its marine ecosystem that is threatened by illegal fishing and boat overcrowding. Off the southern Italian coast, police divers find date mussels in nets; however, catching this valuable shellfish is illegal. Divers harvest them by using hammers and chisels to extract them from rocks and coral reefs. It severely damages the rocky parts of the coast, and they need many years to recover. On the black market, the mussels are sold for up to 240 dollars per kilogram. According to police, the shellfish are bought illegally by restaurants in nearby towns. A 3-year investigation broke up two organizations who were even using explosives to harvest the shellfish, and they sold over 7.5 kilograms of the illegal product over just a few months.
This news is from China. It is cold there. It is -12°C. Part of a waterfall freezes . This waterfall is on the Yellow River. The waterfall looks beautiful. There is ice and icicles everywhere. People want to see this. They come to have a look. However, it can get even colder. Two years ago, it was -40°C. When this happens, the whole waterfall can freeze.	Temperatures dropped as low as -12°C in an area in China, and part of a waterfall on the Yellow River froze. It looks amazing. Tourists flock from across the country to have a look. There are ice and icicles everywhere. However, the weather can get even colder. Two years ago, the temperature dropped to -40°C in China’s far west. If this happens again, the whole waterfall will freeze.	How’s this for a winter wonderland ? With temperatures reaching as low as -12°C, part of the Hukou Waterfall on China’s Yellow River has frozen over, with spectacular results. The deep freeze has seen nature transform the landmark into something you’d more likely see at an ice palace, with tourists flocking from across the country to catch a  glimpse . “Ice is everywhere. Icicles on the waterfall, everywhere! I did not know the Yellow River could be frozen, so it’s surprising. I came here specifically for the stunning view of the Yellow River.” But it could become yet colder. Two years ago, the mercury in the far west of China dropped to a record -40°C. A repeat could mean that the whole of the waterfall will freeze over by the time spring arrives. Plenty of opportunity still then to see a real natural wonder!
The 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games are in Tokyo. Both of the games have a mascot . The mascot of the Olympic Games is called Miraitowa. It is blue. The mascot of the Paralympic Games is called Someity. It is pink. Five million children choose the mascots. They choose their names, too.	The 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games are going to be in Tokyo, and the two mascots of the games recently made their debut . One mascot is blue and its name is Miraitowa, which means future and eternity . It represents the Olympic Games. The pink mascot represents the Paralympic Games and its name is Someity. It was inspired by the cherry blossom. Five million children chose the designs and names, and their mascots combine tradition and innovation .	The official blue and pink mascots of the 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games made their debut in Tokyo. The blue one is called Miraitowa (meaning future and eternity ) and the pink Paralympics mascot Someity was inspired by a variety of cherry blossom. Organisers said that the two futuristic characters combine tradition and innovation. The organising committee president said that 5 million children helped to pick the designs as well as the names, so in a way, the Olympics belong to everyone.
There is fire on the roof of a store named Walmart. There are solar panels on the roof People in Walmart think that the solar panels are the problem. Now Walmart wants to take the solar panels down. The problem with the fire happens in 2012. Between March and May 2018, there are big fires at three Walmart stores. Walmart says that inspectors who control the panels do not have basic solar training. It is possible that they do not do their job well. Walmart puts money in solar energy for many years. They work with one company. This company is now part of Tesla. Tesla buys this company in 2016.	In the past few years, there was fire on seven Walmart store roofs. The company believes that Tesla’s solar panels are the problem. Now Walmart wants to remove the solar panels from 240 roofs. The problem started in 2012, but between March and May 2018, there were big fires at three stores. Walmart says that Tesla inspectors didn’t have basic solar training and knowledge and it is possible that they didn’t do their job well. Walmart invested in solar energy for years. It had a deal with a company which put solar panels on the roofs and tesla bought this company in 2016.	In the past few years, several Walmart stores roofs caught fire and the company believes that Tesla’s solar panels caused this problem. Walmart says that Tesla didn’t care for the panels properly. Now Walmart wants Tesla to remove its solar panels from more than 240 stores and pay for the damages. The problem started in 2012, but between March and May 2018, fires at three separates stores caused significant damage. All three stores used the solar panels. In total, Walmart blamed Tesla for at least seven fires. Walmart also says that Tesla inspectors lacked basic solar training and knowledge and may have not been inspecting the panels properly. Walmart invested in solar energy for years. It had a deal with a company called SolarCity, which completed more than 200 projects at Walmart stores since 2010. Tesla bought SolarCity in 2016.
A cyclone is a big storm. It starts over warm oceans. It moves quickly. It rotates around its center. Cyclone Tauktae hits western India. It brings heavy rains. The wind is very strong. Its speed is almost 160 kmph. The storm destroys buildings. Hundreds of thousands of people must leave their homes. These people stay in shelters . A second wave of the coronavirus also hits India. Hospitals are full. The situation is very serious. Officials worry. Many people are in the shelters. They can catch the coronavirus easily there.	A second wave of the coronavirus hit India very hard, and hospitals are full of ill people. Last week, another disaster happened. Cyclone Tauktae reached western India and it brought strong winds and heavy rain. The storm destroyed many buildings, and thousands of people were without electricity. Meteorologists said that the storm would bring winds of up to 160 kmph and landfalls could happen. Local authorities evacuated hundreds of thousands of people which was very dangerous because of the coronavirus. Many people had to stay together in shelters, and it was possible that the coronavirus would spread there quickly.	In the grip of a deadly second wave of the coronavirus that´s overwhelmed Indian hospitals, western India is braced for its strongest cyclone in decades. Cyclone Tauktae has brought strong winds and heavy rains to Mumbai and the surrounding area. More than 90 people have gone missing after a barge off the coast of the city sank. The cyclone´s already destroyed buildings and cut off electricity in the southern states of Kerala, Karnataka and Goa. On Monday, the cyclone was expected to make landfall in Gujarat, with winds expected to reach speeds of up to 160 kmph. Hundreds of thousands of Indians living in low-lying areas have been evacuated to temporary shelters, sparking concerns of possible new outbreaks of COVID-19 in coming weeks.
People make plastic . To make it, they put in additives . It is easier to make plastic with additives. To recycle the plastic, people cut it into very small pieces. However, the plastic has the additives in it. The cut-up plastic is hard to use again. Scientists in California work on this problem. They make a new plastic. It can be recycled easily. The plastic and the additives can be broken apart easily. The scientists hope that this new plastic can help the planet. They want there to be less plastic.	People make plastic products by mixing the plastic with additives . The additives make it difficult to recycle the plastic. To recycle plastic things, people grind them up first, but this new material is not easy to use again. A laboratory in California made a new type of plastic to deal with this problem. When scientists put the new plastic in a high-acid solution , the plastic and the additives break apart. People can then easily reuse the plastic. The scientists hope that this new plastic will help the planet and that there will be less plastic.	To create plastic products, people combine the plastic with additives which make recycling difficult. Usually, people combine plastic products together and grind them up to make a new recycled plastic that is not easy to reuse. This is not very helpful for recycling. Berkeley Lab in California made a new type of plastic which solves this problem. The lab calls the new plastic PDK. When people put it into a high-acid solution , the plastic is separate from the other chemicals. Then people can truly recycle and reuse the plastic. The scientists hope that PDK will help keep plastics out of landfills and oceans.
Tigray State is in Ethiopia. Ethiopia´s officials say that Tigray soldiers kill hundreds of people. It is very violent. Many people leave Ethiopia. They are scared. They run away to Sudan. Ethiopia´s soldiers fight with local soldiers. Ethiopia´s soldiers win. Injured people need blood. Ethiopia´s government asks people for help. Many people donate blood. The situation is not easy. Tigray soldiers say that they do nothing wrong. It is not possible to say who tells the truth. Tigray State´s president must quit his job. Officials say that he helps terrorism. Terrorism is when you hurt or kill people to get something that you want. Officials say that the president does not fight for his country. Officials appoint a new president.	There was a military conflict in Ethiopia´s Tigray State. Ethiopia´s soldiers fought with local forces and they won. Ethiopia´s prime minister said that the forces killed hundreds of people. It was very violent and it made many people run away to Sudan. Ethiopia´s government asked people to donate blood to help save people who were injured in the conflict. Witnesses said that local forces were responsible for the deaths, but the soldiers said that it was not true. It was not possible to find out what really happened. Ethiopia´s government appointed a new president of Tigray State. The government accused the past president of terrorism and other acts that were bad for the country.	Ethiopia´s military has defeated local forces in the west of Tigray State. Ethiopia´s prime minister, Abi Ahmed, has accused his enemies of atrocities after a week of mass killing in the region. In a separate report, Amnesty International said that mass killing may have hit hundreds of civilians who were stabbed to death. Witnesses blamed fighters who were loyal to local leaders who said that they were not involved in the alleged killing. However, it was not possible to confirm either side´s version of events. Refugees have flooded neighboring Sudan and hundreds of people have also turned out for a government-run blood drive for people who were wounded. Ethiopia´s parliament has appointed a new regional president and accused the former leader and other officials of treason , arms rebellion , and terrorism.
There is cholera in Yemen. Around 9,000 people have the sickness. Yemen cannot help everybody. It does not have enough resources . There is not enough room in hospitals. One billion dollars is promised to the UN . The UN is asking for the money.	In Yemen, there was an outbreak of cholera . People reported over 9,000 cases of the disease. The African country does not have enough room in hospitals. Before the cholera, there was war in Yemen, and now it does not have enough resources to fight the disease. The UN is asking for 1 billion dollars that countries promised in Geneva.	War-torn Yemen declared ‘a state of emergency’ after a deadly cholera outbreak . The capital’s health office reported over 9,000 cases of the diarrhoea-causing disease which are seriously stretching resources. Despite help from UNICEF, Yemen is unable to deal with the crisis and hospitalise all the patients. The United Nations is urging the 200 donor countries to provide over 1 billion dollars that they pledged in Geneva.
Ayahuasca is a drug. It is made from plants. The drug gives people psychedelic experiences . The drug is popular. There is even ayahuasca tourism. Ayahuasca is usually safe. Nothing bad usually happens during an ayahuasca ceremony . However, there is an incident in Peru. It happens during an ayahuasca ceremony. A man has a knife. He is from Britain. He wants to attack a Canadian. The Canadian fights back. The Canadian kills the British man. Both men are young. They are in their twenties. Police arrest the Canadian.	Ayahuasca is an indigenous drug from Peru which gives the users psychedelic experiences. The use of the drug is popular, and people come to countries like Peru to take part in ayahuasca ceremonies. Nothing bad usually happens during an ayahuasca ceremony, but an incident happened during one recently. People who were at the ceremony said that a British man tried to attack a Canadian man with a knife. The Canadian man defended himself and killed the British man with the knife. Both men were in their twenties. Police arrested the Canadian.	This is the man who is believed to have killed a Briton in Peru. Twenty-nine-year-old Canadian Joshua Andrew Freeman Stevens supposedly killed the 26-year-old British man, Unais Gomes, in self-defense after Gomes attacked him with a knife after taking a hallucinogenic  substance . The incident took place during an ayahuasca ceremony in the jungle on Wednesday night, according to police. Ayahuasca is a combination of an Amazonian vine and plants that contain dimethyltryptamine. These give users psychedelic experiences when combined, but it is not normally associated with violence. The Canadian citizen was in police custody the following day. Witnesses said Gomes tried to stab Stevens during a bad trip . Gomes is said to have used a knife from the kitchen of the Alternative Health Center Phoenix Ayahuasca to attack Stevens. Stevens then ended up killing Gomes with the same knife, stabbing him in the chest and stomach. Phoenix Ayahuasca did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Its Facebook page describes this as a safe place to experience plant medicines and explore the true nature of the self. Ayahuasca tourism in Peru has surged in recent years, with dozens of jungle retreats offering the traditional indigenous  brew to visitors under the supervision of a guide or a shaman . In 2012 ,an 18-year-old American man died during an ayahuasca retreat in the jungle, and the shaman leading the ceremony buried his body in an attempt to cover up the death.
A girl is born without a part of her ear. It makes her partially deaf . Now she is five years old. She gets an implant for her ear. She is the youngest person to get this. Her doctor talks about the implant. It is small. It is behind the ear. It is under the skin. It vibrates the inside of the ear. It helps the ear to take in sound. Then the girl can hear. If you cannot hear, you cannot learn language. You also cannot hear yourself. With the implant, the girl can speak much better. People understand her now. The girl says that she can hear so many things now. She cannot even say how many things. There are so many!	A girl was born without an ear canal in her left ear. Since she could not hear very well, she could not acquire language properly. It was very hard to understand her. At five years old, she is the youngest person ever to get an inner ear implant . Her doctor explained that the implant is small and placed behind the ear and under the skin where it can directly help the inner ear to take sound into the ear. The girl’s mother said that people can understand her better now, and the girl said that she cannot name all of the things that she can hear now. She was pretty amazed!	Charlotte was born without an ear canal in her left ear, causing her to be partially deaf. Now, at five years old, she is the youngest person ever to receive an inner ear  implant . Doctor Powell explained that the device is small and implanted behind the ear and under the skin where it can directly stimulate the inner ear with vibration to take sound into the ear. Charlotte’s mother, Sophie, said that it was hard to understand Charlotte due to her deafness. Now she is understandable and can hear better, thanks to the device. Charlotte explained that she can hear so many things now that she ‘can’t even remember how many things!’
Here is bad news from China. A typhoon is strong there. It becomes a super typhoon. It brings strong winds and heavy rain. The situation is the worst in Hainan. The storm destroys trees, and many cars cannot drive. The wind is the strongest wind in 40 years. Governments evacuate around 30,000 people. Airlines cancel about 240 flights . Two thousand people must wait at the airports.	A typhoon in China strengthened to a super typhoon on Friday. It brought strong winds and heavy rains. The typhoon hit the island of Hainan the most. It destroyed trees and disrupted traffic by its strong winds. Those winds were the strongest to hit Hainan in 40 years. Around 30,000 people evacuated from low-lying coastal areas. Airlines cancelled around 240 flights, and about 2,000 passengers waited at the airports.	Super typhoon Rammasun has made its landfall in Wenchang City in south China’s island province of Hainan. Rammasun had strengthened to a super typhoon by about 5 am on Friday, bringing strong gales and heavy rain, as it approached the areas. Rainstorms have grown stronger in many cities and counties in Hainan since Thursday afternoon. Trees were uprooted and traffic was disrupted by gale winds which have shaped up as the strongest to hit the province in 40 years. Altogether, 241 flights at two airports have been cancelled, leaving about 2,000 passengers stranded . China Central Television said access to all scenic spots on the island, which styles itself as China’s answer to Hawaii had been closed, and 30,000 people have been evacuated from low-lying coastal areas.
Some people from Canada hunt seals. Some other people do not like it. These people film the hunt. The video shows how the people kill the seals. People hit the seals with something heavy. They put the seals on boats. Seventeen boats take part in the hunt. There were more boats in the past. Canada supports the hunt. It says that it is OK. The hunt is important to some people. Canada says people can kill 400,000 seals.	Canada began its annual seal hunt. It took place off the northwest coast of Newfoundland. A group which is against seal hunts filmed the hunt. The video shows how the hunters killed the seals. They clubbed the seals and loaded them onto their boat. Only 17 boats took part in the hunt. America and Europe closed the market for seal products, so the hunt is smaller than in the past. The Canadian Government supports the hunt. It says that it is an event which is humane and important to some people. The government allows 400,000 seals to be killed every year.	Canada began its annual seal hunt this week amid heavy ice conditions off the northwest coast of Newfoundland. This footage shot by campaign group Humane Society International shows hunters brutally clubbing seals and loading them onto their boat. According to the campaign group, only 17 boats have chosen to take part in the controversial hunt, which typically focuses on harp seals. Now that the market for seal products in America and Europe is closed, the hunt is said to be a shadow of what it once was . The Canadian Government firmly supports the hunt, insisting it is humane, sustainable and economically viable event that’s important to coastal communities. The Government allows 400,000 harp seals to be killed, despite the low demand for seal fur .
This story is about a group of Chinese people. They are in Russia. They are at a Moscow airport. The Russian customs stops them. The customs wants to see their things. The Chinese are carrying a substance . They have 230 kilograms of it. It looks like drugs. The customs thinks that it is drugs. However, it is not drugs. It is a special substance. People use this substance when they make tofu . The Russian customs tests the substance. The people see that it is not a drug. They let the Chinese go.	Russian customs arrested thirty-four Chinese citizens at a Moscow Airport. The customs thought that they had drugs on them. Earlier, Russian media said that the Chinese had 230 kilograms of drugs. However, the Chinese citizens were not transporting drugs, but a special substance which is used in making tofu. The Russian customs tested the substance to make sure that it wasn’t a drug. Then the customs released all 34 of the passengers.	Russian customs thought they had drugs on them, but after detaining 34 Chinese citizens at a Moscow airport, it turned out that they’d mistaken something used to make Chinese tofu for crystal meth , as one of the detained passengers Song explains. “It’s not crystal meth as some media said, but it a kind of food additive called beton, which people use in making tofu.” Earlier, Russian media reports claimed he and those detained with him had 230 kilograms of crystal meth on them. The Chinese embassy in Russia had to get involved. They said the Russian customs carried out tests on the substance to make sure it wasn’t crystal meth. The passengers from China were sent to Russia by a Chinese company in the Northeast. All 34 of them have now been released.
The amur leopard is an endangered species . There are only 100 of them left in the wild . Two baby amur leopards are born. They are born at Vienna zoo. Now they are six weeks old. They play together. Their mother always watches them.	The amur leopard is an endangered species and there are only 100 of the animal left in the wild. In March, two baby cubs were born at Vienna zoo. They were blind and helpless when they were born, but now they can play together. Their mother is always watching them. The zoo staff says that the baby cats are ‘truly happy’.	Two amur leopard baby cubs, which is an endangered species with only 100 left in the wild, have been born at Vienna zoo. The unnamed little cats are the first of their kind to be born to the zoo. They were born blind and helpless in March, but now at six weeks old, they are able to play inside the compound with their mother watching over them. Zoo staff said that the baby leopards are ‘truly happy’.
Albert Einstein writes a letter to a woman. He writes it in 1921. He shows his feelings in this letter. Einstein wants to meet the woman. She does not want to meet him. She is 22 years old. She is modest . She does not want to meet famous people. The letter goes on auction . It is going to be expensive. One of Einstein’s letters sells for 1.3 million US dollars.	A letter from Albert Einstein to a young woman is up for auction. He wrote the letter by hand in 1921 and it shows his feelings for the woman. She was 22 years old and a daughter of a famous chemist in Florence. The genius wanted to meet her, but she did not want to meet him because she was modest and did not want to meet famous people. Einstein also left her a note which read: ‘To the scientific researcher , at whose feet I lay and sat for two full days…’ A typed letter from Einstein sold for 1.3 million US dollars at auction.	Albert Einstein wrote a letter by hand to a young woman in 1921, and now that letter is up for auction. The Nobel-winning scientist showed his heartfelt affection for the 22-year-old who was the daughter of a famous chemist in Florence. The CEO of Winner’s Auctions said that Einstein wanted to meet this woman, but she did not want to meet him because she was modest and did not want to meet famous people. Einstein also left her a note which read: ‘To the scientific researcher, at whose feet I lay and sat for two full days…’ A typed letter from Einstein sold for 1.3 million US dollars at auction.
In Malta, people hold Gostra Festival. They hold it every year. Part of the festival is a competition . It is special. For this competition, you need a piece of wood. This piece must be 10 metres long. Then, you put grease on the pole . People move the pole onto a boat. The pole starts on the boat. Then it goes up and ends in in the air. There are flags at the end of the pole. People run up the pole. They must take one flag. This is not easy. Many people fall into the water.	In Malta, people hold Gostra Festival every year. It celebrates the feast day of Saint Julian. Part of the festival is a special competition. First, you take a 10-metre pole and cover it in grease . Then, you fix the greasy pole onto a boat. The boat is in the harbour, so people can watch the show. People direct the pole slightly upwards, and put little flags at the end of it. The goal is to get to the end of the pole and take one flag. This, of course, is not easy and many people fall into the water.	Contestants showed their greasy pole climbing prowess on Sunday as they took part in a traditional festival in Malta. The annual Gostra Festival is held to mark the feast day of Saint Julian, patron saint of the town of the same name, which lies close to the Maltese capital, Valletta. The 10-metre pole is slathered with grease, attached to a barge and draped at a precarious angle over the harbour. The aim is to run as far up the pole as possible and remove the flags at the end. For some competitors, the style in which they fell off the pole seemed to be slightly more important than reaching the flags. But others showed definite determination while clambering up that greasy pole. Following the day’s entertainment, as dusk fell, hunters fired rifles over the harbour as a salute to Saint Julian, their patron saint of hunting.
Cuba does not produce enough food. People must import food to Cuba. This is a problem. There is never enough food in Cuba. People cannot buy as much food as they want. Each person can buy only a little food. This is for normal food like chicken, eggs and rice. The situation is worse now in Cuba. Cuba says that this is because of the USA. Cuba says that the USA is blocking Cuba. There are political problems in Venezuela at the moment. Cuba likes the leader there. The USA likes a second leader. The USA wants Cuba to stop liking the other leader. Also, the USA says that Cuba has soldiers in Venezuela. The USA says that Cuba must send the soldiers away. Cuba says that there are no Cuban soldiers in Venezuela.	Cuba does not produce enough food for its people, and it imports 70% of food. A rationing system started in 1959 and people still use it. Now, the Cuban government put even more rationing into place. Food like chicken, eggs and rice are given to each person in small amounts. Cuba says that it has to do this because of American restrictions . The relationship between Cuba and the USA is not good. Cuba supports Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro, but the USA supports his opponent, Juan Guaidó. The USA also says that Cuba has soldiers in Venezuela. It says that if Cuba does not tell the soldiers to go away, it will put a complete embargo on Cuba. On the other hand, Cuba says that there are no Cuban soldiers in Venezuela.	People import seventy per cent of Cuba’s food, and there has not been enough food in the country recently. Cuban citizens have been on a rationing system since 1959, but the government now imposed strict rationing on basic foods like chicken, eggs and rice. The Cuban government said that the new rationing system is necessary after the USA put more restrictions on the country. The relationship between Cuba and the USA is not good because each country supports a different leader in Venezuela. Cuba has close ties to Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro while the USA strongly backs his opponent, Juan Guaidó. The USA also said that it would put a complete embargo on Cuba if Cuba did not send away its soldiers in Venezuela, but Cuba said that there were no Cuban soldiers there.
This news is about Russia and America. America says that Russia does a cyberattack . It says that it is a cyberattack on Hillary Clinton’s election campaign . US President Obama reacts to this. He tells 35 Russian diplomats to leave the USA. Sergey Lavrov is the Russian foreign minister . He wants to tell American diplomats to leave. Russian President Putin, however, does not want this. American diplomats stay in Moscow. Putin wants to work with the USA.	American media said that Russia directed cyberattacks on Hillary Clinton’s election campaign . US President Obama reacted to this. He told 35 Russian diplomats to leave the USA. Sergey Lavrov is the Russian foreign minister. He tells Russian President Putin to expel 35 American diplomats from Moscow. Putin, however, is not going to do this. He says that he does not want to be like the USA. He wants to work with the USA.	Media reported that Russia directed cyber-attacks on Hillary Clinton’s election campaign, making US President Obama impose sanctions on Russia. Thirty-five Russian diplomats in the USA were given 72 hours to leave the country, and American authorities seized two properties used by Russian intelligence services. Russia’s foreign minister, Sergey Lavrov, called on Putin to expel 35 American diplomats from Moscow, but Putin’s response was that Russia wouldn’t stoop to America’s “level of irresponsible democracy”. Instead, Russia’s President would work to restore ties with the USA under President-elect Trump.
An immigrant is in Spain. He is poor. He goes to five criminals. They are from Serbia. They will give him money. He has to give them his kidney . He says that he will do it. But he changes his mind. He is afraid. He thinks that they will not give him the money. The criminals kidnap him. They hit him. They want him to give the kidney. Police arrest the criminals. The criminals are in a gang. They want to help their boss. Their boss has a son. The son needs a kidney.	An immigrant in Spain who was in economic need went to five gang members to make money. He agreed to give them his kidney. The criminals of Serbian origin said that they would give him 6,000 euros, but he changed his mind. He was afraid that they would not give him the money. Then they kidnapped him and beat him to force him to agree. Police arrested the criminals. The police discovered that the criminals were attempting to help their leader get a kidney for his son.	Spanish police have arrested five men for allegedly  attempting to buy an immigrant’s kidney. Five members of a Serbian gang are accused of offering the Moroccan man 6,000 Euros for his organ in Tarragona. Police, who describe the victim as poor and in economic need, say he changed his mind over the transplant because he feared he would not receive the agreed money. His change of heart prompted the gang members to kidnap him and hold him in a house where he was beaten until he agreed to go ahead with the operation. Police said that the person hoping to buy the kidney is the member of an international criminal gang that used underage children to carry out high-end domestic burglaries. “This organisation of Serbian origin had tried, and this is the most newsworthy detail: to purchase an organ, in this case, a kidney, for the son of the group’s leader.” The arrests are the latest of a total of 48 made in connection with the Serbian gang’s criminal actions.
In the Gaza Strip, Palestine, special twins are born at a hospital. They are conjoined twins . The middle of their bodies is the same. They have two heads and two pairs of lungs. The hospital cannot do a separation surgery . Hospitals in the USA and Saudi Arabia can do the surgery. Many conjoined twins die after one day. However, these twin girls are still alive. They are eating.	In the Gaza Strip, Palestine, conjoined twins were born at a hospital. They are joined in the middle of their body, but they have separate heads and lungs. The hospital cannot perform a separation surgery , as one neonatal doctor explained. He said that no hospital in Palestine can perform such a complicated surgery. However, the twins can receive the surgery in the USA or Saudi Arabia. Many conjoined twins die after 24 hours, but these twin girls are still alive and eating.	In the Gaza Strip, conjoined  twins were born at a hospital after a Caesarean  surgery and a full-term pregnancy . The twins are joined at their abdomen and pelvis and have separate heads and lungs. The hospital is not able to perform a separation surgery, so the twins will need to go to another country. A neonatal doctor explained that the hospitals in Palestine do not normally deal with such cases that need such advanced medical care for Siamese children. The USA and Saudi Arabia have this experience. Many conjoined twins die after 24 hours, but these twin girls are alive and eating through their mouths.
Terry Pratchett was a writer. He was from England. He wrote his first book in 1971. He wrote more than 70 books. Around 85 million books were sold . You can buy them in 37 languages. The books are about Discworld. The author died. He was 66. He was ill. He died in his home. His cat was sleeping on the bed. His family was with him.	Renowned fantasy author Sir Terry Pratchett died at the age of 66. Doctors diagnosed him with Alzheimer’s disease in 2007, but he continued to write. He is best known for his Discworld series and he wrote more than 70 books. His first novel was published in 1971. After this, he wrote on average two books a year. Pratchett was the UK’s best-selling author of the 1990s, and he sold over 85 million books worldwide in 37 languages. The author died in his home. His cat was sleeping on the bed with him and he was surrounded by his family.	Renowned fantasy author Sir Terry Pratchett has died at the age of 66. He’s best known for his Discworld series and wrote more than 70 books over his lengthy career. His first novel “The Carpet People” was published in 1971 and after this he wrote on average two books a year. Pratchett was the UK’s best-selling author of the 1990s and has sold over 85 million books worldwide in 37 languages. He’s the second most-read writer in the UK and was awarded an OBE in 1998 and knighted in 2009. He was diagnosed with a form of Alzheimer’s in 2007 but continued to write. In an interview before his death, he spoke about the disease. “It’s a terrible disease, but I can and will still have some fun out of life on the way, I think.” Pratchett’s publicist confirmed the author’s death in a statement which said that he passed away in his home with his cat sleeping on his bed surrounded by his family.
This news is from the UK. Boris Johnson suspends the British parliament this month. The MP s do not work for five weeks. However, the Supreme Court says that Johnson cannot suspend the parliament. They say that it is a crime. The Supreme Court says that the parliament must go back to work. MPs start work again on Wednesday, September 25th. Critics say that Johnson should stop being prime minister.	Earlier this month, Prime Minister Boris Johnson suspended the British parliament. He said that he had to do it to get ready for a new parliamentary session . For five weeks, nobody worked in the parliament. However, the justices later said that Johnson broke the law. The parliament went back to work on Wednesday, September 25th. Critics are calling upon Johnson to resign.	Earlier this month, Prime Minister Boris Johnson suspended the British parliament, insisting that the five-week suspension was necessary to get ready for a new parliamentary session. However, the justices decided that the suspension was unlawful and that Johnson broke the law because his suspension left lawmakers unable to act, especially when the deadline of Brexit is on October 31st. On Wednesday September 25th, Johnson arrived back in the UK, cutting his trip to the United Nations General Assembly short. The British parliament is back in business . Critics are calling upon Johnson to resign from his post, but he is currently refusing to do this.
Deutsche Bank is an international bank. It has employees all around the world. The bank wants to organise itself differently. It wants to lay off 1/5 of its employees. Deutsche Bank wants to do this in three years. That is around 18,000 jobs. By 2022, the bank plans to have 74,000 employees. The bank is doing this to make more money.	Deutsche Bank is going to cut one fifth of its international workforce in the next three years. That is around 18,000 jobs. By 2022, the company plans to have 74,000 employees. Deutsche Bank is doing this to make more money. However, the restructuring is going to cost something. The bank expects a loss of about $3.14 billion for this year’s second quarter.	Deutsche Bank announced that it would be cutting about one fifth of its global workforce, or approximately 18,000 jobs, over the next three years. That translated to the bank having around 74,000 employees by 2022. Deutsche Bank wants to achieve higher profitability by the massive restructuring. It is also going to close equities sales and trading business and reduce its investment banking operations. The CEO described the big change as a ‘restart for Deutsche Bank’ and returning to what the bank once was, which made it one of the leading banks in the world. The restructuring is not going to be cheap, though – the bank expects a loss of about $3.14 billion for this year’s second quarter.
This news is about nature. There is an area in Venezuela. This area is quite special. Around 250 lightning bolts happen there per 1 square kilometre per year. The lightning bolts are from clouds. These clouds are 5 kilometres high. During the rainy season, there are the most lightning bolts. A scientist loves this area. He lived there as a boy. He thinks the lightning is beautiful. He wants more tourists to come to this area. He gets the area into the Guinness Book of World Records.	This news is from Venezuela. There is an area there which people entered into the Guinness Book of World Records. Around 250 lightning bolts happen there per one square kilometre per year. The lightning bolts originate from a mass of storm clouds which are over 5 kilometres high. The phenomenon is the strongest during the rainy season. A scientist who grew up in the region loves it very much. He remembers it as something very beautiful. He proposed the phenomenon to be in the Guinness Book to attract more tourists.	Venezuela’s Catatumbo lightning phenomenon has entered into the Guinness Book of World Records for the highest number of average lightning bolts per square kilometre per year, at 250. The phenomenon, in the River Cataumbo, is the strongest during the rainy season. It originates from a mass of storm clouds over 5 km high, which are likely the result of winds from the lake meeting surrounding mountain ranges, and collecting heat and moisture , creating electrical charges . Venezuelan environmentalist , Erick Quiroga, has been monitoring the lightning for 13 years and proposed the phenomenon be entered into the book last year. “The thing about the lightning is that it isn’t based on reason for me but rather a deep love that I have for the region. For that region because it was there, in between Lake Maracaibo palm trees, where I lived out my childhood and it was something very beautiful. The idea behind the World Record certification is to bring tourism back to the people of the communities. The idea that I also propose with this record is to get the government’s attention.”
John F. Kennedy is an American president. He is the 35th President of the USA. He has a mistress . He writes her a love letter. This happens in October, 1963. One month later, Kennedy dies. He is shot by a man. Now, you can buy his love letter. We know that it is real. We know Kennedy’s handwriting. It is on a White House paper, and it comes from Kennedy’s secretary , too. It goes on auction on June 23. It is at least 30,000 dollars. Many people are interested in it. We do not know the final price. It can be very high.	John F. Kennedy was a president not unfamiliar  with scandal. Now, you have the chance to buy something from his life – a letter to his mistress , Mary Pinchot Meyer. We know that the four-page correspondence is real because it is on White House stationery , it comes right from JFK’s personal secretary, and people identified Kennedy’s handwriting. Kennedy wrote it in October, 1963 and the 35th President died a month later when a man shot him. The letter goes on auction on June 23, and the price will not go under 30,000 dollars. We do not know the final price, but it could go much higher because many people are interested in it.	John F. Kennedy – a president not unfamiliar with scandal – and now an insight into his colourful private life. A letter alleged to have been written by the 35th President of the United States to his rumoured mistress, Mary Pinchot Meyer, is hitting the auction block. The four-page correspondence written on White House stationery was kept by Kennedy’s personal secretary, Evelyn Lincoln, after his assassination . And there’s no doubt in its authenticity. “We know this is an absolutely authentic letter that President Kennedy wrote because: One – it’s on White House stationary. Two, we’ve authenticated his handwriting. And three – it comes right from his personal secretary, who retained it after the assassination. This letter was written in October 1963 and the President was killed a month later. And we know that Evelyn Lincoln had to remove everything out of the White House when Lyndon Johnson moved in.” But these four sheets of paper come with a hefty  price  tag . “The pre-auction estimate for this letter is 30,000 dollars. But it… it’s got so much attention from around the world and there’s so much interest in it. I don’t know what it’s going to go for but it’d probably go for a lot more than that.” Some auction experts say the value of the love letter is as much about its meaning today as its historical significance. “I think what’s really fascinating about these Kennedy lots and this Kennedy auction is 50 years later, it still brings relevance to today’s situation of senators maybe having affairs, extortions and just… just scandal!” The sale will be held online only on June 23 from Boston in a rare opportunity for one lucky bidder to get their hands on a piece of history.
In India, there is a festival. There are four elephants at the festival. They are tied up , but one elephant breaks free. It is aggressive . It attacks vehicles which are near it. It attacks twenty-seven vehicles. Two people ride on the elephant. They cannot control the animal, but everybody is fine. Things like this happen often in India. Elephants are often at festivals.	At a festival in India, there were four elephants and one of them broke free. It was aggressive and it started to throw parked vehicles around. It attacked twenty-seven vehicles. Two people were on the back of the animal, but they were not able to calm it. Luckily, the elephant hurt no one. Elephants are often at festivals in India to attract people, but accidents are quite common .	During a festival in India’s southern Kerala state, an elephant went on a rampage , attacking nearly 27 vehicles parked near a temple. Festivals like these often book hundreds of captive elephants to attract crowds, and accidents are not uncommon. The big animal was tethered by the tusk along with 4 other elephants, but he broke free and started flinging parked vehicles, including rickshaws and motorbikes, around. Throughout the strop , two people clung to the back of the animal, but they were unable to calm him. Apart from a few broken motors, no one was injured.
The company Uber has problems with its jobs. They reduce the number of people who work there. Uber´s spokesperson says to CNN that this is true. A lot of people must leave the company. On Monday, 350 people get an email from Uber´s CEO . In this email, the CEO informs them about the bad situation. This news affects many people. About one percent of all people in the company must leave their jobs. In September, 435 people leave the company. In August, 400 more people leave.	The company Uber has left 350 employees without a job. A spokesperson confirmed the news to CNN. Uber´s CEO sent an email to the employees on Monday. In this email, he announced that they must leave the company. This information affects many teams in the company. About one percent of all employees have to leave the company. The company already dismissed some employees in previous months. In September, 435 employees left, and in August, 400 people left.	The company Uber has cut 350 jobs. Uber´s CEO announced the layoffs in an email which he sent to the employees on Monday. A spokesperson confirmed the news to CNN. The announcement affected many teams across the company, including marketing, technologies or recruiting . The number of layoffs is about a percentage of the total number of employees at Uber. This is the third round of layoffs in the company in recent months. In September, 435 jobs were cut in engineering and product teams. In August, there were 400 layoffs in the marketing team.
Monkeys live at the Prague zoo. One kind of monkey is the guereza monkey. This kind of monkey is from Africa. It is an endangered species . A guereza monkey is born. It doesn’t have a name yet. All the other monkeys take care of it.	In early April, a baby monkey was born at Prague Zoo. It is the latest addition to the zoo’s guereza monkeys. The whole group of monkeys helps take care of the baby, which still does not have a name. The guereza monkey is an endangered species  native to Africa.	In early April, a baby monkey was born at Prague Zoo to proud parents Lucie and Katanga. The baby is the latest addition to the zoo’s guereza monkey tribe . The whole troop plays its part in looking after the little one, which still needs a name. The guereza monkey is an endangered species native to Africa.
December 6th is Constitution Day in Spain. This year, the Spanish constitution is 40 years old. In 1978, there was a referendum . Over 90% of the people wanted the constitution. Now, some people do not want the constitution. They protest. They think that it is not good for working class people .	The Spanish royal family celebrated 40 years since the Spanish Constitution that was approved in a referendum in 1978. Over 90 per cent of people were for it. King Felipe VI gave a speech in the Spanish parliament, and he said that modern Spain should be proud of the constitution. Meanwhile, some people protested against the monarchy . They think that the monarchy no longer represents the needs of the working class.	The Spanish royal family celebrated 40 years since the Spanish Constitution which over 90 per cent of the population approved in the 1978 referendum . In a speech in the Spanish parliament, King Felipe VI said that modern Spain should be proud of the constitution. Meanwhile, protesters took to the streets in an anti-monarchy demonstration – some people there think that the monarchy no longer represents the needs of the working class.
Dallas is in Texas. Texas is in the USA. A school bus crashes there. The bus is carrying 42 students. One child dies. Three children are injured. The driver and three officers are injured, too. People are investigating the crash.	Last Wednesday in Texas, USA, a school bus carrying 42 students crashed and killed one child. Three children, the driver, and three officers were injured. The bus hit a power line and created a fire. However, the cause of the crash is being investigated .	Last Wednesday, a school bus carrying 42 students crashed in a suburb in Dallas . One child died and three children, the driver and three officers were injured. The police said that the bus struck a power line and ignited a fire but the exact cause of the crash is still being investigated.
David Amess is a British politician. He belongs to the same political group as the British Prime Minister Boris Johnson. He dies last week. Amess is in a church in Essex. He meets with his voters . A man runs in the church. He holds a knife. He attacks Amess. Amess dies. It is not possible to save his life. Police arrest the attacker. The man is 25 years old. He is British. He comes from Somalia. Police say that it is a terrorist attack . Another attack on a politician happens in 2016. A man kills Jo Cox. The British government says that it is important to keep politicians safe.	David Amess was a British politician, a member of the Conservative Party . Last weekend, he had a meeting with his voters in a church in Essex. Suddenly, a man with a knife ran inside and he attacked Amess. Emergency services tried to help the politician, but he died. Police arrested a 25-year-old man, who was British, but he came from Somalia. Police said that the murder was a terrorist attack. Amess was an MP since 1983, he was married, and he had five children. He was the second politician killed in the last five years. In 2016, a man killed another MP Jo Cox in front of a library in West Yorkshire.	A British lawmaker from Prime Minister Boris Johnson´s Conservative Party was stabbed to death in a church by a man who attacked him. It was during a meeting with voters from his district. David Amess was the member of Parliament for south and west Essex, England. He was targeted around midday, and emergency services fought for his life inside the church in Leigh-on-Sea; however, it was in vain . Police arrested a 25-year-old man on suspicion of murder after they arrived on the scene, and they recovered a knife. According to officials, the man was a British national of Somali heritage. Amess had been an MP since 1983, and he was married with five children. He was known politically as a social conservative and as a famous politician against abortion and for animal welfare issues. He´s the second serving MP to be killed in the past five years, following the murder of politician Jo Cox in 2016 outside a library in West Yorkshire.
Here is news from a zoo in Denmark. A mother rhino gives birth to a baby rhino there. This is a big event. The zoo films the moment. Everything goes well. The baby rhino weighs 50 kilograms. He gets quickly on his feet. Moments later, he starts to walk. The baby rhino and his mother are healthy. However, they need to rest . Rhinos are in danger. People kill them. People want their horns . Some people from Vietnam and China buy the horns. The horns are very expensive. One kilogram of a horn costs 65,000 dollars. That is more expensive than gold.	A mother rhinoceros gave birth to a baby rhinoceros in a zoo in Denmark. He is the first rhino to be born there in 35 years. The zoo released a video of his birth. Everything went smoothly and the mother and her little one are healthy and well. The rhino baby, which weighed around 50 kilos, got onto his feet shortly after the birth. He took his first steps moments later. Now the mother and her baby need to rest. The zoo will show them to the public when they are ready. Rhinos are a critically endangered species . They are killed for their horns , which are sold in Vietnam and China. One kilogram costs 65,000 dollars which makes it more expensive than gold.	A baby rhinoceros was born at Copenhagen Zoo on Saturday, the first to be born there in 35 years. According to the zoo, which released a video of the birth, it went smoothly and mother and calf are healthy and well. Shortly after the birth, the little one, who weighed around 50 kilos, got onto his feet with some gentle prodding from his mother. Some moments later, he took his first steps. Mother and calf will now get to enjoy some peace and quiet before they’re shown to the public . Rhinos are among the world’s most critically endangered species . Rhino horn is coveted in Vietnam and China as an ingredient in traditional medicine. It is said to fetch up to 65,000 dollars a kilo on the street, making it more valuable than gold.
In Houston, USA, teachers give a 13-year-old a certificate . It reads ‘terrorist award’. The student gets the certificate after the terrorist attack in Manchester. The student and her mother are very upset. The student says that terrorists do very bad things. She says that her teachers should not joke about this. Her mother says that her teachers should think about how her daughter feels. They should think about how she feels when she grows up. The school disciplines the teachers. It does not say what the discipline is.	In Houston, USA, teachers were disciplined for giving a 13-year-old student a ‘terrorist award.’ They put the words on a certificate for her work in a school program. The student said that terrorists do terrible things and that this was not something to joke about. She received the offensive award after the terrorist attack in Manchester. Her mother said that she wanted the teachers to imagine how her daughter might feel about this when she grows up. The teachers said that the certificate was supposed to be light-hearted . The school district did not say how it punished the teachers.	Teachers were disciplined for giving a 13-year-old student a ‘terrorist award’ on a certificate for her work in a school support program. The student, Lizeth Villaueva, said that terrorists do terrible things, such as what happened at the Ariana Grande concert, and that it is ‘not something to joke around with’. She received the offensive award after the terrorist attack in Manchester. Her mother said that the teachers should imagine how her daughter might feel when she grows up, and she wanted to know why her daughter received the certificate. The teachers said that the certificate was intended to be light-hearted . The school district did not disclose the punishment for the teachers.
The Iranian government makes an agreement with other countries. It says that it will not work on nuclear weapons. Other countries also put sanctions on Iran. In 2018, the US government leaves the agreement. Last year, Iran works on its nuclear program. It is not supposed to do this. Iran says that it needs help from the sanctions. It says that it is going to work on its program even more if it does not get help. Recently, the US kills an important Iranian military leader. People are worried. Iran may want to make a nuclear weapon because of this. However, Iran does not have enough supplies to do this yet.	The Iranian government made an agreement with other countries not to work on nuclear weapons. In 2018, the US pulled out of the agreement. Last year, Iran worked with enriched uranium . It said that it would do more work if it did not get relief from sanctions . Recently, the US killed an important Iranian general, and now people are worried that Iran will restart the work on its nuclear program as revenge. However, Iran does not have enough enriched uranium to make a nuclear weapon yet.	The Iranian government made an agreement with other countries not to work on developing nuclear weapons. In 2018, the US pulled out of that agreement. Last year, Iran enriched uranium at levels a little above what agreed to. The Iranian government said that it would enrich more uranium if it did not get relief from sanctions . The other countries that were part of the deal – China, France, Germany, Russia, and the UK – have been working to sustain the agreement. Recently, the US killed Iranian General Qasem Soleimani, and now people are worried that Iran will restart the progress on its nuclear program due to revenge. However, Iran has 5 percent enriched uranium now; it needs 90 percent enriched uranium to create a bomb.
Police arrest a teenager in Florida. He is African American. He is in a police station. He sits in a room with a policeman. The policeman does some paperwork . Something happens to him. He falls from the chair. He is in extreme pain. He holds his chest . The teenager sees all of this. He calls the other policemen. They come and help the policeman.	After being arrested, an African American teenager waited in a police station in Florida. He was in a room with an officer who was processing his records . Suddenly, the policeman collapsed. He was in extreme pain and he clutched his chest. The teenager saw all of this and he called the other officers. People helped the policeman and he survived. Both the teenager and the police officers were recognized by the public .	This CCTV footage shows the moment a teenager waiting in a police station, after being arrested in Florida, dramatically redeemed himself. It’s unknown what Jamal Rutledge was accused of doing, but as police officer Franklin Foulks was processing the teen’s records, he collapsed, clutching his chest in agony . Defendant Jamal immediately began to kick the security fence and shouted to alert other police officers at the police station. Sergeant Todd Bunin was walking near the booking area when he heard Rutledge. He then noticed Officer Foulks was semi-conscious, lying on the ground. Bunin quickly removes Officer Foulks’ police gear and cuts off his shirt. Another officer than began performing CPR . Medics say that Rutledge’s actions, as well as the quick response of the officers, were responsible for Officer Foulks surviving. Both Rutledge and the officers will be publicly recognised at a ceremony next Wednesday.
Four NASA and SpaceX astronauts return from space . They return to Earth. They return in a small spaceship. They cannot come back in the daytime. There are a lot of winds. They return at night. The last time when NASA astronauts do this is in 1968. Parachutes help them go down to Earth. They return safely. They land into a sea. People in boats wait for them. This is the second time when people go to space with SpaceX.	Four NASA and SpaceX crew astronauts left the International Space Station. They wanted to return to Earth in a small spaceship. The return was the first splashdown at night for NASA astronauts since 1968. They returned at night because there were high winds in the day. Parachutes helped them land safely in the ocean, and boats waited there to get the astronauts. The mission was only the second manned mission for SpaceX.	Four NASA and SpaceX crew astronauts left the International Space Station to return to Earth in the Dragon capsule . The return was the first splashdown in the dark for NASA astronauts since 1968 and the Apollo 8 mission. They decided to return in the dark because high winds scuttled the other return attempts. With the help of parachutes, they landed safely in the ocean after a six and a half hour trip, while boats waited for them to recover the astronauts. The mission was only the second manned flight for SpaceX.
Queen Elizabeth II is 90 years old. She loves dogs for all of her life. She has corgis . When she is 18, she gets her first corgi. That is in 1944. The dog’s name is Susan. She is the birthday present. Currently, the Queen has four corgis. All of them can move around the palace freely, but the Queen is the boss. Every dog obeys her well. She has a friendly authoritative control over each dog.	Queen Elizabeth II celebrates her 90th birthday, but her love and loyalty for corgis remain. During her reign , she has owned more than 30. She named her first dog Susan, and Susan was a present for her 18th birthday in 1944. Currently, Her Majesty has four. All of them can move around the palace freely, but the Queen can easily put them in line . The Queen shows a friendly authoritative control over each dog.	As the Queen celebrates her 90th birthday, it seems the love and loyalty between Queen and corgi remains. From young princess to longest reigning monarch, her corgis have been constant companions. “The Queen, I would say, is unsurpassed amongst any client that I’ve had in my 35 years of animal behaviour practice and, she’s the best, exerting friendly authoritative control over each and every one of the dogs that I saw and that was a few years ago.” During her reign, she has owned more than 30, starting with Susan, who was a present for her 18th birthday in 1944. Currently, her Majesty has four. Last year, on a visit to Battersea Dogs and Cats Home, she said she had no plans for any more. “You are not tempted to take a corgi home?” “Not really!” All do have a free reign of the palace, but the Queen is said to be quick at pulling them into line. “Every dog is individually assigned a role and would obey her separately from the rest of the group, so she could call them forward one at a time. So she shows exceptional good training regimes like psychological control over her dogs.” A lot has changed during the Queen’s 90 years but not her love of corgis.
China and the US do a lot of business together. China wants to reduce the taxes on things that the country imports from the US. China changes some taxes in February. Some products with the new tax are, for example, pork, soybeans, or car parts. The situation between the US and China is not easy. The two countries want to do business together; however, there are a lot of problems. China and the US have different political ideas. China and the US sign a new trade deal. The US wants to change the taxes. China agrees to buy US products. It is not clear what happens in the future. It depends on the money and trade situation between the two countries.	China wants to lower taxes on goods that the country imports from the US. China will reduce some taxes by half for products such as pork, soybeans, or car parts. The new taxes start on February 14. Last month, China and the US signed a trade deal that helps solve the trade war between the two countries. The US promised to change the taxes and China agreed to buy US goods worth about $200 billion. This deal has advantages for both countries. Chinese officials said that the country wants to reduce all taxes. However, it depends on the economic and trade situation between China and the US.	The Chinese Ministry of Finance said that China plans to cut tariffs on $75 billion worth of goods that the country imports from the US. Tariffs on goods like pork and soybeans will be reduced from 10% to 5%, and tariffs on other goods such as car parts and crude oil will drop from 5% to 2.5%. These tariff cuts will take effect on February 14. Last month, the US and China signed a trade deal which will help solve the trade war between the two countries. The US agreed to delay new tariffs on goods imported from China. In exchange, China promised to purchase about $200 billion worth of US goods. The Ministry said that China wants to eliminate all tariff increases. However, the next steps depend on the development of the economic and trade situation between China and the US.
In California’s wine region, there are many fires. Ten people die. Fires destroy around 1,500 homes. Around 20,000 people have to evacuate . People are trying to save their things. This is before the fires destroy their houses. Firefighters try to stop the fires. Highs winds and dry weather make this difficult. The fires destroy over 70,000 acres of land.	In California’s wine region there are wildfires . At least 10 people die and more than 1,500 homes are destroyed. Around 20,000 people have to evacuate. People try to save their belongings before their houses burn down. Firefighters work against high winds, low humidity and hot, dry weather. The fires destroy over 70,000 acres of land.	At least 10 people have died as wildfires sweep through California’s wine region, destroying over 1,500 properties and forcing the evacuation of around 20,000 people. The government has declared a State of Emergency. Local residents race against the clock to salvage their belongings. One resident said that people who she did not even know helped her and her family get most of their valuables out of their house. Firefighters are working against high winds, low humidity and hot, dry weather. People have estimated that over 70,000 acres have been destroyed.
Here is some news from a zoo. This zoo is in Ohio, USA. The zoo makes a video. The video shows a polar bear. At the beginning of the video, the polar bear is only 7 days old. At the end of the video, the polar bear is 83 days old. You can see how she grows. The zoo needs a name for the bear. The zoo asks people. They choose the name “Nora”. Nora’s mother doesn’t take care of her. People take care of Nora instead. She is fine and she is very popular on the Internet.	A zoo in Ohio, USA made a video of a polar bear. At the beginning of the video, the polar bear is only 7 days old. At the end of the video, she is 83 days old. You can see how she grows from a newborn to a fluffy little bear. People voted to choose the bear’s name. The zoo received 88,000 votes from fans in 115 countries. People chose the name “Nora”. Nora had to be raised by hand because her mother did not take care of her. Now, she is three months old and an Internet celebrity.	Columbus Zoo in Ohio, USA, released a video in a bid to find a young polar bear’s name. The clip shows the baby polar bear’s journey from a tiny seven-day-old infant to a fluffy pup at 3 months old. The bear became an Internet sensation and the zoo received more than 88,000 votes from fans in 115 countries. The winning name was Nora, which is a name combined from those of both her parents – Nanook and Aurora. People had to raise Nora by hand after her mother left her alone for prolonged periods of time when she was a newborn.
A giraffe is born at a zoo in California. He is born on January 8 th . The giraffe is ill . Vets help him. They help him for 39 days. It looked serious, but the giraffe got better. The young giraffe is now fine. He plays with his new friends. There are 13 giraffes at the zoo. These giraffes are from Uganda. They are endangered .	A giraffe was born on January 8 th at the San Diego Zoo in California. He is only three months old, and he had to spend more than a month in intensive care. He suffered from a bacterial infection. His chances of recovery were slim , but he made it. He is now back on his feet , and he is already playing with his new friends. The San Diego Safari Park is home to 13 Ugandan giraffes, which are an endangered subspecies .	A baby giraffe who spent 39 days in intensive care has been reintroduced to the herd at San Diego Zoo. Baby Leroy, who was born on January 8 th , suffered from a severe bacterial infection and his chances of recovery were pretty slim. But the Ugandan male giraffe calf is now back on his feet and already playing with his new friends. “Today at the San Diego Zoo Safari Park, we just introduced our giraffe herd to one of our newest additions, male calf Leroy. So, Leroy was born on January 8 th which makes him about three months old. And in that time, he has spent about one month in critical careat our hospital and now he’s in recovery. So about two months of his life. It’s been a very long road to where we are today, which is, he’s doing great with the rest of our herd.” The San Diego Safari Park is home to 13 Ugandan giraffes, which are an endangered subspecies .
A man steals in a shop. He wants to run away. The shop assistant shouts at the man. An 84-year old man sees this situation. He decides to stop the thief. He uses karate. He kicks the thief to the ground. He is successful in stopping the thief.  He also falls down. His wife is not happy. She comes to him. She tells him that what he did was dangerous . Luckily, the man is fine and police a rrest the thief. The only other negative thing for the man is the fact that his wife did not speak to him for four hours.	A pensioner stopped a jewellery thief in his way. He used a karate kick to kick him to the ground. The 84-year old man noticed a shop assistant who was shouting after a man dressed in black. Then his instincts started to work. His efforts to stop the robbery were successful, but he also fell down. His wife immediately came to him and told him that he could have harmed himself. Luckily, he was found to be fine and the thief was quickly arrested by staff. The only downside of his heroic act was that his wife did not speak to him for four hours.	A pensioner stopped a jewellery thief in his way by karate kicking him to the ground. The 84-year old man noticed a shop assistant who was shouting after a man dressed in black. Then his instincts kicked in . His efforts to stop the robbery were successful, but he also took a nasty fall himself. His wife immediately voiced her displeasure at the fact that he put himself in harm’s way . Luckily, he was found to be fine and the thief was quickly arrested by staff. The only downside of his heroic act was that his wife did not speak to him for four hours.
There are wildfires in Australia. These wildfires are very dangerous. They destroy a lot of land. They kill many animals. Officials say that more than a billion animals are dead. Rescuers try to help the animals that run away from the fires. They use helicopters to drop carrots and sweet potatoes to hungry animals. A lot of animals are injured. They are burned. It is hard for them to breathe. Many volunteers work hard to help these animals. The fires are very strong. There is dry weather and strong winds. It is very difficult to stop the fires. Last week, the weather changes. Firefighters hope to get the fires under control .	Rescuers in Australia use helicopters to drop thousands of pounds of carrots and sweet potatoes to starving animals. These animals ran away from their homes because there are wildfires , and now they have no food. The wildfires devastated more than 25 million acres of land and killed 28 people and over a billion animals. Volunteers are working hard to help injured animals that have burns and problems to be able to breathe. It was very difficult to stop the fires because the land was dry and there were high temperatures and strong winds. However, the weather started to change last week. Firefighters are now trying to get the fires under control.	Australian officials are dropping food for animals that are endangered after wildfires hit large areas of New South Wales. National park staff use helicopters to drop thousands of pounds of carrots and sweet potatoes to save starving wallabies, possums and koala bears. There animals have fled their natural habitats due to the fires, and they are in danger of starving to death. There are many volunteers working tirelessly to treat injured animals for burns and smoke inhalation. The fires have had a devastating impact on Australia´s wildfire, killing over a billion animals. Since October, the fires have scorched more than 25 million acres of land and have killed 28 people. High temperatures and gusty winds spread the flames; however, last week the weather started to settle down, which enabled firefighters to get in front of the fire.
Coronavirus is spreading across Europe. It affects soccer teams. Some employees start to have money problems. The teams decide to help. FC Barcelona is the biggest soccer team in Europe. The club wants to reduce money for its players. The club reduces the money by 70%. The club and its players pay 100% of the salaries . Lionel Messi is the biggest star of FC Barcelona. His salary is one of the highest in the world. He can lose about $50 million dollars. He says that he understands. He is ready to help his team. He does it in the past, too.	FC Barcelona is the biggest soccer team in Europe, and it is cutting the salaries of its players. The biggest star, Lionel Messi, and his teammates , agreed to a 70% pay cut . The club wants to support its non-sporting employees, who are losing money during the coronavirus. The club itself and the players will pay 100% of their salaries. Messi is one of the highest paid soccer players in the world, and reports say that the pay cut can cost him about $50 million dollars. Messi said that he understands the situation, and he is ready to help his team. The coronavirus is spreading across Europe, and it affects other soccer teams too. They decided to make similar cuts as FC Barcelona.	The soccer star, Lionel Messi, and his teammates from FC Barcelona are taking a 70% pay cut. According to a statement from the club, the players agreed to a salary reduction to help pay non-sporting FC Barcelona employees who are feeling the economic impact of the coronavirus outbreak. The club said that the players´ contributions , along with additional funds from the club itself, will cover 100% of the salaries. Messi is one of the world´s highest paid soccer players, and it is estimated that the pay cut could cost him about $50 million dollars. He said that he understands the exceptional situation, and he has always been ready to support the club when he felt that it was necessary or important. Similar financial cutbacks happen in other clubs throughout Europe, as European countries continue to fight the coronavirus.
This news is from London. A man goes to his kitchen. He wants to change the dishwasher. He opens it. There is a fox inside! The man is a vet . He can see that the fox is young. He takes a sweeping brush and makes the fox leave. It runs to the garden. The vet later sees the fox with its mother.	A man in London was getting on with his household jobs when he went to change the dishwasher. Apart from plates and spoons, there was a fox in there. The Londoner is a vet so he could tell that the fox was just a few months old. It was very scared. He removed the dishwasher’s bottom trolley and used a sweeping brush to make the fox leave. The fox ran to the garden, and the vet later saw it with its mother.	A fox cub , presumably looking for food, got itself stuck in a dishwasher in a London household. Luckily for it, the owner found it and is a vet. With years of experience, he could tell that the fox was just a few months old and seemed to be very scared. He removed the dishwasher’s bottom trolley and, after some persuasion with a sweeping brush, the frightened animal crept out of the appliance and made a dash for the garden where people later saw it with its mother.
Dogs can get injured. Sometimes they need blood . Then you must get blood from another dog. This is not always easy or quick. An animal hospital wants to help dogs. The hospital is in Taiwan. Dogs there can donate blood at the hospital. The dog must be between 1 and 8 years old. It must be over 20 kilograms heavy. It must be healthy. The hospital wants to help cats and other pets, too.	In Taiwan, an animal hospital became the first in the country where dogs can donate blood. The hospital hopes to help injured dogs which normally rely on ad hoc donations. When a dog gets injured, it cannot always get a blood transfusion quickly. People must find a healthy dog over 20 kilograms in weight and between 1 to 8 years old. Most dogs in the programme belong to students at the university. The scientists hope to help save the lives of cats and other pets as well.	A very different kind of blood drive . Owners bringing their dogs to donate blood at an animal hospital in Taiwan. Researchers here at Pingtung University say this is the first in the country. They hope to help injured dogs that usually have to rely on ad hoc donations. Assistant Professor Sai Yi Lun says at the moment transfusions can’t be guaranteed immediately, and it’s not possible to know whether the donor dog is healthy and doesn’t have any diseases. To meet the requirements, dogs have to be between 1 to 8 years old, weigh more than 20kg and have received regular vaccinations. Most dogs enlisted in the programme belong to students at the university. Scientists hope to expand that pool and when they do, they plan to branch out to help save the lives of cats and other pets, as well.
People organise a festival in La Paz. La Paz is the capital of Bolivia. The festival’s name is ‘ Feast of the Lord of Power’. It happens every year. This year, 40,000 dancers and musicians come to the festival. They dance and make music with a lot of love and energy. They also ask the Lord of Power (also known as Jesus) for health. People wear costumes at the festival. Some costumes can cost up to $20,000.	The Festival of the Feast of the Lord of Power took place in La Paz recently, which is the capital of Bolivia. People organise the festival every year and this year, there were more than 40,000 dancers and musicians. A dancer said that all of it was done with great devotion . People dance to ask the Lord of Power (Jesus) for things like health. Some costumes can cost as much as $20,000 – the festival is a time when people show their economic power .	More than 40,000 dancers and musicians took part in the Festival of the Feast of the Lord of Power through the streets of Bolivia’s capital of La Paz. The annual festival lasted 15 hours. A dancer said that all of it was done with great devotion ; the dance being to ask Tata (Lord of Great Power – Jesus) for health or something else that people wish for. With some costumes costing as much as $20,000, the festival is an opportunity for participants to show off their economic power.
There is a landslide in China. The landslide buries a village in earth and rock. It also buries around 100 people. It destroys forty homes. Around 400 people come to help. They try to save the people. This village is popular with tourists. We do not know if any tourists die.	In south west China, there was a landslide off a mountain. It covered a whole village in earth and rock. It buried around 100 people and destroyed 40 homes. This village is popular with tourists, we do not know if any were hurt. As many as 400 people came in the rescue efforts .	A landslide from a mountain engulfed a village in south west China, leaving upwards of 100 people buried and 40 homes destroyed. This village is popular with tourists, though it is not known whether any were among the victims. As many as 400 people came in the rescue efforts after the slide of around 3 million cubic metres of earth and rock.
The Israeli president wants politician Benny Gantz to make a new Israeli government. This is a problem for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Gantz and Netanyahu are enemies. The president says this because there are three elections in Israel. The elections are supposed to make a new Israeli government. All of the elections fail . Netanyahu is in a political party that does well in the March 2nd election. The other political parties are stronger. They want Gantz to be the next prime minister. However, not everyone feels this way. The president has to make decisions to help the Israeli government.	The Israeli president said that he wants politician Benny Gantz to make a new Israeli government, which puts Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in  jeopardy . Gantz and Netanyahu are political enemies. This decision happened after three elections failed to make a new government, and the three men met to work on this issue. Netanyahu belongs to a political party which won the most seats in the March 2nd election, but it did not get control of the government. The other parties have a majority of 62 seats. They recommended Gantz to be the next prime minister. However, this support is fragmented .	The Israeli president, Reuven Rivlin, said on Sunday that he wants politician Benny Gantz to create a new Israeli government. Gantz is Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s rival . This decision came after three elections have failed to create a new government or come to a consensus , and after the three men met to work on this issue. Netanyahu belongs to Likud party, which gained the most seats in the March 2nd election, but it did not get control of parliament. The other parties have a majority of 62 seats, and they recommended Gantz to be the next prime minister. However, support is not strong. Due to other issues in the world, Netanyahu’s bribery and corruption trial has been delayed.
This news is from a town in China. A wild elephant goes into a small town. Authorities watch it. They go where it goes. In the end, the elephant leaves. However, people will not forget it.	A wild elephant wandered into a small town in China. Authorities followed its every move. It left the town eventually , but the people will never forget its visit.	Locals of a small Chinese town in Yunnan Province got a bit of a shock when a wild elephant wandered downtown . Authorities followed the large mammal ’s every movement. The elephant eventually left the town, but the locals will probably never forget this special visit.
There is a donkey that is only 40 centimetres tall. He is the smallest donkey in the world. He cannot earn the world title yet. He is only eight months old. People will measure him again when he is one year old. Another donkey is the world record holder. He is 40 centimetres taller than the smallest donkey. He is 10 years old. The smallest donkey likes carrots. He lives with his owner in England. She says that he is a great pet. He is small enough to be inside her house.	The smallest donkey in the world is only 40 centimetres tall, but he cannot earn the world title until he is one year old. Then people will measure him again. The current world record holder is a donkey who is 40 centimetres taller and is 10 years old. The smallest donkey is eight months old, likes carrots, and lives with his owner in England. She says that he is a great pet and small enough to be inside her house.	The smallest donkey in the world is named Ottie, and he is only 40 centimetres tall. The current world record holder is KneeHi , who is 40 centimetres taller than Ottie and 10 years old. Ottie cannot earn the world title just yet, as he needs to be one year old when people will measure him again. Right now, Ottie is eight months old, likes carrots, and lives with his owner in Cambridgeshire, England, who says that he is a great pet and is small enough to be inside her house.
In 2012, Mohammed Morsi becomes the Egyptian President. He is president for one year. Many people protest. The army overthrows him. He goes to jail. People say that the jail´s conditions are bad. He gets sick. Last Monday, he is at court . He falls down and he dies.	In 2012, Mohammed Morsi was Egyptian first democratically elected president. A year later, however, the military overthrew him, following mass anti-government protests. Other leaders from the Muslim Brotherhood and he were arrested and jailed. People say that because of bad conditions in that jail, his health got worse in recent years. According to state-run media, he was at court last Monday, collapsed and died before he could go to hospital.	According to state-run media, the former Egyptian president, Mohammed Morsi, died shortly after a court appearance last Monday. He was attending a hearing for his trial in an espionage lawsuit when he collapsed and died before he could go to hospital. He had been serving prison sentences for various crimes, and people say that his imprisonment conditions were contributing to his deteriorating health in recent years. He became Egypt’s first democratically elected president in 2012 after Mubarak during the Arab Spring. A year later, however, the military overthrew him, following mass anti-government protests. Other now-banned leaders from the Muslim Brotherhood and he were arrested and jailed.
Several tornadoes come to six US states. A tornado is a very strong storm that moves in a long circle. It happens in just one day. A storm starts at night. Nobody thinks that there will be tornadoes. Tornadoes are not usual in winter. They usually happen when the weather is warm. The storm moves from Arkansas and Missouri to Tennessee and Kentucky. Its path is 320 kilometers long. Strong winds break buildings. Trees and electric lines fall. Thousands of people are without homes now. They do not have food and water. The worst situation is in Kentucky. 70 people die there. A tornado destroys a factory . More than one hundred people are inside the factory. The US president says that it is a disaster in Kentucky. He says that people will get money from the government. Later, many people help clean the streets and homes.	A thunderstorm created several tornadoes in the middle and south of the US. It was very unusual because the tornadoes came when cold weather normally limits tornadoes. Kentucky was the worst-hit state, as 70 people died there, and thousands of homes and businesses were without electricity. One tornado destroyed a candle factory with more than one hundred people inside. The US President Joe Biden declared a disaster in Kentucky, and he promised some help to people who had no food and water. The storm moved from Arkansas and Missouri into Tennessee and Kentucky. Strong winds destroyed buildings, toppled trees and cars, and damaged power lines. The tornadoes destroyed an area that was more than 320 kilometers long.	A devastating large group of tornadoes moved through six US states in the midwest and south, killing more than 70 people in Kentucky. They left a trail of destroyed homes and businesses along a path of destruction that stretched more than 320 kilometers. Overnight thunderstorms created the tornadoes as the storm moved from Arkansas and Missouri into Tennessee and Kentucky. Kentucly was slammed by at least four tornadoes. The heavy winds moved a train in the west of the state, and a tornado destroyed a candle factory with over a hundred people inside. The roof fell, and it caused mass casualties . In many places, tornadoes destroyed buildings and knocked down trees and power lines. Rescue workers searched through the debris in the small hope of finding survivors. President Joe Biden declared a major federal disaster in Kentucky, to allow additional government help, for the state where thousands of people were left without housing, food, water, and power.
The 2018 FIFA World Cup is going to be in Russia. Russia is getting ready. There is an old tower in Yekaterinburg. It is a TV tower. No one ever uses it. It is 220 metres tall. It is the tallest unused building. Russians demolish it. Some people are unhappy that the tower is gone. They think that it is the city’s landmark .	In Yekaterinburg, Russia, people demolished a never-completed television tower, as the demolition comes in preparation for the 2018 FIFA World Cup. The 220-metre tower once held the record for the world’s tallest abandoned building. But some people are unhappy that the tower is gone. They think that  it was the city’s landmark .	28-03-2018 07:00 In the Russian city of Yekaterinburg, people demolished a never-completed television tower in preparation for the 2018 FIFA World Cup. The 220-metre facility once held the record for the world’s tallest abandoned structure, and some residents are unhappy with what they see as the destruction of an iconic landmark .
People organise the Real Man Race every year. It takes place in Minsk, Belarus. This year, more than 1,300 men run the race. The race is quite short. It is either 1 or 3 kilometres long. However, the weather is -10 degrees Celsius. The men must be shirtless ! One man talks about the race. He says that he is not cold. He feels great and full of energy. He would do it again!	More than 1,300 men took part in the annual Real Man Race in Minsk, Belarus. The race was quite short of 1 or 3 kilometres and the runners had to be shirtless, as they braved temperatures of -10 degrees Celsius. One competitor said that he was not cold, felt wonderful and energised and he would do it again!	More than 1,300 men took part in the annual Real Man Race in Minsk, Belarus. The relatively short 1-kilometre or 3-kilometre race was compensation for the fact that the runners had to be shirtless. The competitors braved temperatures of -10 degrees Celsius, but one man said that he was not cold, felt wonderful and energised and he would do it again. The event marked the Defender of the Fatherland Day, and it marked one century of the country’s armed forces.
People find a big snake in a preserve in southern Florida. It is 5 metres long and 64 kilograms heavy. It is a female python . Pythons are not normally that big there. They are usually only two to three metres long. The python comes from Southeast Asia. It lives in Florida because of people. Sometimes people get the snake as a pet. If the snakes get too big, people let them go into the wild. The python is an invasive species for Florida. There is no animal that eats it. People try to take many pythons out of the wild there.	People found a 5-metre and 64-kilogram female python in a preserve in southern Florida. Pythons are usually between two to three metres long there. The type of snake comes from Southeast Asia, but it lives in Florida. Sometimes pet owners let the snakes go when they get too big. Sometimes people let them go during hurricanes. Pythons are an invasive species in Florida because there is no predator which would hunt them. People try to remove as many pythons as they can.	People found a 5-metre and 64-kilogram female python in the Big Cypress National Preserve in southern Florida. Usually, pythons are between two to three metres long there. People found this python by putting a radio transmitter on a male python to find the female pythons. This helps people find the snakes and learn how they live in the preserve. The type of snake comes from Southeast Asia, but it lives in Florida because of a few reasons. Pet owners release this type of snake when they get too big, or people release them during hurricanes. Pythons are an invasive species for the native animals of Florida, and they do not have a predator to lower their numbers. People try to remove as many as they can.
This news is from Japan. A man works at a facility . This facility helps disabled people. The man stops working at the facility. He sends a letter to politicians . He says that he wants to kill many disabled people. People send him to hospital. He is in hospital for two weeks. The man comes back to the facility. He has a knife. He kills 19 people. He injures 25 more people.	A former employee of a facility for disabled people killed 19 people and injured 25 more at that facility. The facility is in Japan near Tokyo. The 26-year-old attacker went to a nearby police station and told the police what he did. They arrested him. The police said that the man sent a letter to politicians in February. The letter said that he would kill 100s of disabled people. People kept him in hospital for almost two weeks before they released him, and then he committed this incident.	Dozens of ambulances are seen here rushing to the site where 19 people were killed in Japan. A further 25 people were wounded after an attack by a knife- wielding man at a facility for the disabled near Tokyo. Governments are calling this Japan’s worst mass killing in decades. Police have arrested Satoshi Uematsu, a 26-year-old former employee, at the facility in Sagamihara. The man went to a nearby police station and allegedly admitted to the attack. Local police have said he sent a handwritten letter to politicians in February in which he threatened to kill 100s of disabled people. He was kept in hospital for almost two weeks before being released. The dead range in age from 19 to 70 and include both males and females. Staff called police at 2:38 AM local time with reports of a man armed with a knife on the grounds of the facility. Officials have ruled out any link to terrorism.
There is a new video on the Internet. It is pretty amazing . The video shows a boy. He is only two years old, but he rides on a skateboard. he boy is from Australia. He is a really good skateboarder. When he was six months old, he started to practise . His parents love skateboarding. The boy rides on his skateboard in the video. He can jump over things!	An incredible video emerged. It shows a two-year-old skateboarder in action. The little boy is from Australia and he could be the most amazing skateboarder ever. He comes from a family of skateboard enthusiasts , and he has been practising since he was just six months old. The age when most of us can’t even walk yet! In the video, he skates down the streets and hops over curbs on his board.	A two-year-old Australian boy named Kahlei Stone-Killy showed off his amazing skateboard skills in a video, skating down the streets and hopping over curbs . The toddler comes from a family of skateboard enthusiasts , and apparently has been practising since he was just six months old, when most of us cannot even walk!
Jair Bolsonaro becomes Brazil’s new president. He gives a speech. He makes big promises . He says that he is going to end crime and corruption. He also wants to unite the people. Jair Bolsonaro is an ex-army captain. His ‘co-workers’ are also from the army. Some people do not like this. People also criticise him for his comments about homosexuality, black people and women. The American president, Donald Trump, congratulates Bolsonaro on Twitter.	Jair Bolsonaro was sworn in as Brazil’s next president on last Tuesday. In his speech, he made some pretty big promises. He promised to create a ‘society without discrimination or division ’ and he also said that he would free the country from ‘corruption and crime’. Jair Bolsonaro is a former army captain, and he filled his cabinet with military leaders. Some Brazilians fear that he could bring military rule back to the country. People also criticised him for his comments about homosexuality, black people and women. The American president, Donald Trump, congratulated Bolsonaro on Twitter.	Jair Bolsonaro was sworn in as Brazil’s next president on last Tuesday, and he made some pretty substantial promises in his inaugural speech . He promised to create a ‘society without discrimination or division ’ and he said that he would ‘free the country from corruption and crime’. Jair Bolsonaro is a former army captain and he has stacked his cabinet with military leaders, some of whom have little to no political experience. Some Brazilians have even expressed fears that he could bring back military rule to the country. People also criticised him for making controversial comments about homosexuality, black people and women. The American president, Donald Trump, congratulated Bolsonaro on Twitter, saying, ‘The USA is with you!’
Vladimir Putin is the Russian president. Alexei Navalny is a Russian politician. He is the leader of a group which fights against Vladimir Putin. Navalny is a lawyer, too. He fights against corruption in Russia. He is becoming popular in the country. Navalny makes a documentary . He speaks about a palace on the Black Sea coast. The palace is very large. The land around the palace is forty times larger than Monaco. Gardens and a vineyard are on the land. A theatre is inside the palace. There is a place where helicopters can land. The price of the palace is 1.3 billion dollars. Navalny says that the palace belongs to Putin. Navalny says that Putin has money from corruption. Putin says officially that the palace does not belong to him. Experts watch Putin speak. They say that Putin is afraid of Navalny.	Alexei Navalny is a political rival of the Russian president Vladimir Putin and he made a documentary about a palace on the Black Sea coast. The palace is very big, and it is on a large area of land which is forty times larger than Monaco. There are gardens, a vineyard, a landing place for helicopters, and a private theatre. Security watches the palace all the time. In the documentary, Navalny said that the estate belonged to Putin, and it cost 1.3 billion dollars. Navalny said that Putin got the money from corruption . Then Putin said that the palace did not belong to him or his family. He said that the documentary was full of lies. Then experts said that it seemed that Putin was afraid of Navalny because Navalny was getting more popular in Russia.	Russian President Vladimir Putin denied the ownership of a huge palace on the Black Sea coast. The accusations were made by Putin´s political rival Alexei Navalny in a two-hour documentary that laid out the scale of the project. Complete with formal gardens, landing pads for three helicopters, a vineyard, 24-hour security, and a private theatre, the palace was originally intended to be a modest vacation home. However, it´s now almost forty times the size of Monaco. Putin is accused of secretly funding the massive estate worth 1.3 billion dollars through an elaborate corruption scheme. However, experts believe that Putin´s public denial of the claims hints at his fear over Navalny´s growing political influence. Navalny has been in police custody since returning to Russia from Germany earlier this month, and there have been violent protests demanding his release.
Punta Tombo is a long narrow peninsula . It is in central Argentina. It is home to the largest colony of Magellanic penguins in South America. Each year, the penguins migrate north to Brazil. The Magellanic penguin is 50 centimetres tall. It has white feathers above its eyes.	Punta Tombo is a long narrow peninsula on Argentina’s central coast . It is home to the largest colony of Magellanic penguins in South America. Each year, the penguins migrate north to Brazil. The Magellanic penguin is 50 centimetres tall. It has white feathers above its eyes.	Punta Tombo, which is a long narrow peninsula on Argentina’s central coast, is home to the largest colony of Magellanic penguins in South America. Each year, the penguins migrate north to Brazil. The Magellanic penguin is just 50 centimetres tall and it has a crescent of white feathers above its eyes.
This news is from Thailand. There is a sect . The sect lives in a temple . It has a leader . He is 72 years old. Police want to arrest him. The police come to the temple. There are around 3,000 police officers. They want to arrest the leader. We do not know if he is in the temple. We do not know if he is arrested.	There is a controversial Buddhist temple  sect in Thailand. Its leader faces criminal charges . He is 72 years old, and people have not seen him in months. Thai police attack the temple. The police want to arrest the leader, but we do not know if he was there. The temple is closed now, and there are around 3,000 police officers there.	In hopes of detaining its chief who faces criminal charges, Thai police raided the temple, or headquarters , of a controversial Buddhist temple sect. It is unclear whether the 72-year-old was inside the temple. He has not been seen in months, and he is accused of accepting $40 million in embezzled money. A Thai law complicated the raids, which forbids the arrest of a monk in his robes . Around 3,000 police officers came to the temple which they then declared a ‘restricted area’.
A competition happens in Portugal. It is the Red Bull Cliff  Diving Competition. People jump off of a cliff. They do some tricks when they fall. Then they go into the water. It is not easy to jump well. The jumpers must be ready. They must think only about their jumps. Around 2,000 people watch the competition. An American man wins. He is 29 years old. A man from Columbia gets second place.	The Red Bull Cliff Diving Competition took place in Portugal recently. Around 2,000 spectators watched it. The competitors had to be prepared and they concentrated only on their jumps. The results were spectacular . A 29 year-old American man won. A man from Columbia was second.	Usually, the sight of these thirty-meter-tall picturesque cliffs of Portuguese coast wouldn’t fill you with the desire to jump off them, but this is the Red Bull Cliff Diving World Series. It takes these professionals concentration, preparation and a fairly liberal  disregard for their own personal safety, but the results are spectacular . Twenty-nine-year-old American Steve LoBue grabbed victory in a closely-fought contest with this dive in front of 2,000 spectators who watched from boats and ships. Columbia’s Orlando Duquesne was a close second with this effort but it wasn’t enough, as Steve LoBue took the win and is now a strong favourite to be a champion at the end of the year.
April Fool´s Day is a special day. It is on April 1. Many people in Western countries play tricks on each other. Somebody plays tricks on people on Facebook. He invites people to a concert. The concert is in a park in Brussels, Belgium. The concert is not real. Then, 2,000 people come to the park. It is a big problem. Only four people can meet outside in Belgium now. Police must use teargas . Three police officers and two other people are hurt. Now, officials want to know who invites people to the concert. People are angry. They want to enjoy the warm spring weather. Many people in Belgium have the coronavirus. 23,000 people die from COVID-19 since spring last year.	More than 2,000 people came to a concert in a Brussels, Belgium, park, but it was a fake concert. Somebody made a joke on Facebook on April Fool´s Day, 2021. April Fool´s Day is on April 1 and many people in Western countries play tricks and make jokes. In Belgium, there are many people sick with the coronavirus, and no more than four people can meet outside. The Brussels mayor said that he understood that people wanted to enjoy the warm spring weather, but the event could not continue. Police used teargas and water cannons to make people leave. Three police officers and two other people were hurt, and officials are now trying to find out who made the post on Facebook. More than 882,000 people were sick with COVID-19 since the pandemic started, and 23,000 people died.	Police used teargas and water cannons to disperse about 2,000 of young people who gathered in a Brussels park for a fake concert that was announced on Facebook as an April Fool´s Day joke. Organizers said that the invitation was a hoax ; however, many people still showed up. Under coronavirus restrictions in Belgium, outdoor gatherings are limited to four people. The Brussels mayor, Philippe Close, said that he could understand people wanting to go outside in the spring weather; however, such gatherings wouldn´t be tolerated. According to officials, three police officers and at least two other people were injured, and prosecutors have started an investigation to find out who was behind the Facebook post. Belgium, with a population of 11.5 million, has recorded more than 882,000 COVID-19 cases, and 23,000 people have died.
The Washington Redskins is an American football team. The team has a logo. A logo is a picture that represents the team. The logo is a head of Native American inside a yellow circle. Some people are not happy with the team´s name. Native Americans do not like the logo. Native Americans say that the team´s name is rude . Some companies want to stop business with the team. Now, the team must change its logo and name, too. The team´s coach says that the team will change its name and logo soon. The new name will honor soldiers and Native Americans.	The Washington Redskins is an American football team that plays in the NFL league. The team announced that it would change its name and logo . The decision came after some companies refused to do business with the team if the team did not change its name. The Redskins have had the name for almost 90 years; however, some people were not happy with it. Native Americans criticized the name, and they said that it was rude. In 2020, a study at the University of California found out that 49 % of Americans said that the logo was rude. The team´s coach said that the new name and logo would honor soldiers and Native Americans.	The NFL´s Washington Redskins announced earlier this month that their team name would undergo a thorough review. The team´s head coach said that the team would develop a new name and logo and that the name would honor the military and Native Americans. The Redskins have had the name for nearly nine decades; however, some Native American groups and activists have criticized it as being an ethnic  slur . A 2020 study found that 49% of Americans found the name offensive. The name review came after nearly 90 investment firms and shareholders pushed the companies Nike, FedEx, and PepsiCo to stop doing business with the team if the name was not changed.
An accident happens at a theme park in England. A girl falls down from a ride. She is 11 years old. The park’s staff finds out . They come to help her. A helicopter flies her to hospital. Sadly, she dies in hospital.	An 11-year-old girl fell from a ride in a theme park in England last Tuesday. The staff was  alerted and came to attend to her. A helicopter moved her to hospital where, sadly, she later died. Police said that trained officers are supporting the girl’s family.	An 11-year-old girl died after falling from a ride in a theme park in England last Tuesday. As soon as the staff had been alerted of the incident, they came to attend to the girl who was then airlifted to hospital. Sadly, she later passed away in Birmingham Children’s Hospital. The police said that specially trained officers are supporting the girl’s family.
Andy Murray is a British tennis star. He plays at the Australian Open. This can be his last tournament . He is injured. He must have surgery . He has the surgery. Doctors put a piece of metal inside his pelvis . He hopes to get better. He wants to play at Wimbledon. He wants to stop playing at age 31.	Andy Murray is a British tennis star who was injured and had to have surgery . He last played at the Australian Open where he lost to Roberto Bautista Agut. He said there that this tournament could be his last one because of the injury. Murray had the surgery and he posted an Instagram from the hospital. Doctors put a piece of metal into his pelvis . He hopes to get better and play at Wimbledon, and then he wants to retire at age 31.	Scottish-British tennis star Andy Murray, has undergone hip surgery to end the painful injury which may have brought the Scot’s professional career to an end. Before the surgery, he admitted, after his first-round loss to Roberto Bautista Agut at the Australian Open, that the tournament could be his last. On his Instagram, Murray said that he felt ‘a bit battered ’ after the operation which included inserting a piece of metal into his pelvic socket . Despite the health problems, he hopes to recover in time to make his final appearance at Wimbledon and retire at the age of 31.
An earthquake is in Japan 10 years ago. The earthquake destroys a nuclear power plant in Fukushima. People who live near Fukushima worry. Radiation is in the area. Radiation is a type of energy. It can be in nuclear power plants. It is very dangerous to all living things. Radiation stays in food and water, too. Some women do not know what food they can give to their children. A group of women start to run a lab . They check radiation in the area every day. They must learn how to do it. They are not scientists. People send them food from their gardens. They check it. The radiation is lower. Some food is safe now. Some food still has high radiation. These are for example, bamboo and wild vegetables.	Ten years ago, an earthquake and tsunami destroyed the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan. Some people worried if it was safe to eat the local food and drink water. A group of mothers decided to run a lab . They wanted to check the level of radiation and see if it was safe to give local food to their children. The women did not study science and did not understand radiation. Now, 14 people work in the lab, and they check the level of radiation every day. People send them food and other things. The level of radiation in some foods went down since 2011, but some vegetables still have the same levels of radiation as they had ten years ago.	It´s been 10 years since Japan´s Fukushima earthquake and tsunami; however, radiation fears have lingered in the area. The Fukushima nuclear power plant was destroyed by the 2011 earthquake and it contaminated the area. In Iwaki city, a lab monitors the area, and it measures radiation for free. Having no background in science, Ai Kimura, the lab manager and technician, carries out complicated tests every day. Kimura´s a part of a donations-based organization that was set up by mothers who live about an hour´s drive away from the Fukushima plant. After the nuclear accident, they worried about what to feed their children and about the safety of tap water. The lab employs 14 full-time staff. People send in samples of food, soil from kindergartens, and dust from vacuum cleaners. While radiation levels have improved since 2011, and they have gone down in some foods, other foods like bamboo or wild mountain vegetables are still at the same level after all the years.
Huawei is a Chinese company. It produces smart devices . It is the world leader in information and communications technology. Some countries worry that Huawei can be dangerous for their security. Huawei is not a Chinese government  company. However. it is not clear if the Chinese government has some control over it. The US checks Huawei´s devices. There are some problems with the devices. However, nothing seems really dangerous. Some countries put Huawei on a blacklist . This means that they believe that Huawei is dangerous. Huawei wants to run the most modern worldwide wireless network . Therefore its structure must be clear. Its devices must be safe.	Some people worry that Chinese companies like Huawei can be dangerous for the security of the US. There are many things which are not clear about Huawei, such as  its relation to the Chinese state . Huawei is not a state company, but it is possible that the  Chinese state has an influence on it. There were checks of Huawei´s products which showed some problems. However, there is no real evidence that Huawei´s products are dangerous. Some countries put Huawei on a blacklist . This means that they think that  Huawei can be dangerous. Huawei is one of the main companies which could prepare the new wireless network for the whole  world;  therefore, security is very important.	There are worries that Chinese telecom firms like Huawei can threaten US national security. However, these worries come from what is not known about them, rather than what is known. Currently, there is no evidence that Huawei threatened US national security. Some reviews have discovered faults in Huawei´s equipment;  however, they have not found evidence of any dangerous activity. Huawei is a private company, but its  relation to the Chinese  state is not clear, and it is possible that the state can have an influence on it. Huawei´s officials promised more transparency about the company´s structure in the future. Only Australia, New Zealand, and Japan blacklist Huawei currently. The company is likely to provide a new generation of wireless networks  worldwide, so national security remains an important question.
There are more and more acid attacks in the UK. This is because you can easily buy an acid. Buying a gun or a large knife is not easy. Punishments for acid attacks are also lighter . Acid burns your skin. It is extremely painful. It leaves scars for life. To help someone, you must get a lot of water. You need to get as much as 60 litres. Use only clean water. Remove clothing and jewellery. Pour water on the person. Do this for up to 45 minutes. Do not put any cream on the burns. Get the person to hospital.	Acid attacks are on the rise in the UK. This could be because people can easily buy an acid unlike a large knife or a gun. It is legal to keep acid and penalties for an acid attack can be lighter, as well. Acid burns are extremely painful and leave the victim scarred for life. One video on the Internet shows what to do if you witness an acid attack. It is very important to act quickly to water down the acid. Get as much as 60 litres of water. Avoid dirty water, which can spread infection. Remove all jewellery and clothing that had contact with the acid and keep washing the victim for up to 45 minutes until the burning sensation stops. Do not apply any kind of cream to the affected area and get the victim to a hospital burns unit.	Attacks using corrosive liquids are on the rise across the UK, arguably because unlike guns and large knives, they are easy to obtain and legal to keep. Penalties for an acid attack can be lighter, as well. Acid burns are extremely painful and leave the victim scarred for life. On the Internet, there is a video on what to do if you witness an acid attack. It is essential to act quickly to dilute the acid. Run to the nearest source of water and get ahold of as much as 60 litres of water. Use only clean water, as dirty water can cause severe infection. Remove all jewellery and clothing that had contact with the acid and keep washing the victim for up to 45 minutes until the burning sensation stops. Do not apply any kind of cream to the affected area and get the victim to a hospital burns unit.
American leaders have different opinions on what the USA does in the world. President Obama and President Bush say that it is good for America to be active in the world. President Trump says that other countries need to work on their own. A survey of the American people shows what they think. Most people want America to be active throughout the world. They want the USA to be in world trade, help others, protect democracy and people, defend countries, and keep America safe. Some people want America to work on world trade and world talks only (without being part of wars).	American leaders feel differently about how the US participates in the world. President Obama and President Bush said that it was good for America to work with others. President Trump said that other countries need to decide their future without the USA. However, a survey of the American public shows that 7 of 10 people think that the country needs to do more throughout the world. They think that the USA needs to be part of world trade, help others, protect democracy and people, defend countries, who are friends to America, and keep America safe. Three of ten people said that America needs to be part of world trade and diplomacy only.	American leaders have different opinions on how the US should participate in world affairs . President Barack Obama said that isolationism was not an option. President Bush said that helping others showed the strength and generosity of the country. President Trump said that it was up to other people to decide their future. However, a survey of the American public showed that 7 in 10 Americans think that the country needs to be more involved in world affairs. They think that America should work on world trade, help others, protect democracy and human rights, defend allies , and by doing so, keep the country safe. The survey said that 3 of 10 Americans want America to be involved in the world but with certain activities. They want the country to help with trade and diplomacy instead of military support.
The USA, UK, France, Germany, China and Russia make a deal with Iran in 2015. For Iran, the deal means that they cannot enrich uranium . People enrich uranium to make nuclear weapons. This means that Iran cannot make nuclear weapons. For the USA and EU, the deal means that they cannot put sanctions on Iran. Last year, Trump pulls out from the deal. He puts sanctions on Iran. This is not good for the Iranian economy. Iran starts to pull out of the deal, too. They start to enrich uranium. Iran says that they do not want to make a nuclear weapon. They want European countries to save the deal. Europe still respects the deal.	The USA, UK, France, Germany, China and Russia made a deal with Iran in 2015. For Iran, the deal meant that they could not enrich uranium . When you enrich uranium, you can make a nuclear weapon from it. For the USA and EU, the deal meant that they could not put sanctions on Iran. Last year, Trump started pulling out from the deal. He put sanctions on Iran which was difficult for the Iranian economy. When the USA was ignoring the deal, Iran started to ignore it, too. They started enriching uranium. Iran had now has so much enriched uranium that they can make a weapon from it. They say that they do not want to do this, but they are asking European countries to save the deal. Unlike Iran or the USA, Europe is still respecting the deal.	The USA, UK, France, Germany, China and Russia made a deal with Iran in 2015. The deal said that Iran could not have centrifuges for enriching uranium and that the USA and EU would not put sanctions on Iran. However, Trump stopped respecting the deal last year, and he started putting sanctions on Iran. This hit the country’s economy hard. European countries are still in the deal, but Iran is unhappy that the USA withdrew from it, so Iran started to ignore the deal, too. In July, Iran enriched uranium beyond what the deal allowed. This level of enrichment still could not produce a nuclear weapon. However, Iran has forty new centrifuges which can enrich enough uranium to create a nuclear weapon. Iran says that they are not planning to make a weapon, but they gave Europe 60 days to do something to save the 2015 deal.
Vladimir Putin plays ice hockey. It is a friendly game. There are no losers or winners. It is a show. Everybody likes it. Some players are amateurs like Putin. Other players are professionals . They play ice hockey. They don’t play now. Something bad happens in Ukraine. Ukrainian soldiers fight with pro-Russian soldiers. Some people die. The game starts with a moment of silence because of this.	Russian President Vladimir Putin played ice hockey in Sochi. It was a friendly game with no winners or losers. It was a show and everybody enjoyed it. Players of the game were former professionals or amateurs like Putin. The League was created by Putin in 2011. Thanks to the League, athletes older than 40 could keep competing. Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian soldiers fought in a Ukrainian city recently. The hockey event began with the moment of silence for the victims. A Russian flag hung next to a Ukrainian flag.	Russian President Vladimir Putin has played in an ice hockey game in Sochi. The Russian President also took part in a moment of silence before the game for those who died a day earlier in violence in the eastern Ukrainian city of Mariupol. Players in the Night Hockey League game included amateurs like Putin along with former professional athletes. The League was created by Putin in 2011 to keep athletes competing after they’ve reached the age of 40. Russian television showed footage of Putin scoring a goal and the crowd cheering. The President spoke to journalists after the game. “We don’t have winners and losers. It’s a friendly game. It’s a show and all of us enjoyed it.” Inside the stadium, a Russian flag hung next to a Ukrainian flag. Russian news reported that the event began with a moment of silence for victims of the violence in Mariupol, where Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian soldiers fought in a police station in the port city.
Dia de los Muertos is a festival in Mexico. In English, it means ´the day of the dead´. People celebrate it on November 2. They remember family and friends who are dead. Many people believe that a dead person or dead people visit them on this day. They prepare food and drinks. They put it in a special place. They decorate the place. They put things which belonged to the dead people. Many cultures celebrate the dead in November. Christians have a festival, too. They remember only the dead. They are sad. Mexicans are not sad. They celebrate the life of the dead people. They give gifts to family and friends, too.	On November 2, Mexicans celebrate the Dia de los Muertos, which means ´The day of the dead´ in English. It is a tradition which honors people who died. People make an altar , which is a special place that they decorate with photos and things which belonged to someone who died. They leave food and drinks for the person on the altar. Many people believe that a dead person or people visit them on this day. During the year, they keep a dead person alive as they talk about him or her, and they use the same things which this person used. Dia de los Muertos is quite similar to many other festivals except it is less formal than Christian traditions. People in Mexico celebrate life, and on November 2, they also give each other gifts and candy.	Mexicans prepare altars ahead of the Dia de los Muertos, a Mexican tradition that honors the dead. They decorate an altar with photos and items used by family who passed  away . Mexicans leave food and drinks for their departed loved ones, and many people believe that the dead return to visit them once a year. Some families enjoy keeping the tradition alive, they continue using the items, they keep memories alive, and in this way it keeps the dead people alive, too. Held on November 2, Dia de los Muertos combines Catholic and native practices, and Catholic communities celebrate it around the world. However, it has much less serious feelings than the Catholic celebrations, as people portray it as a joyful celebration rather than for mourning . The celebration is not solely focused on the dead, as it’s also common to give gifts and candy to family and friends.
A man in California sends dangerous messages to his employer . He wants to kill people in a company. The man works in this company. Police follow the man in a car. He drives very fast. He wants to escape the police. The police catch the man and arrest him. They search his house. They find many bullets and guns in his house. The man is 32 years old. He has problems with police in the past. He drinks alcohol and drives a car. He also has problems with guns. He breaks a gun law .	Police in California arrested a man who threatened to shoot people at the company UPS. The man worked for UPS, and he sent messages to his employer. In the messages, he wrote about what he wanted to do. Police caught the man after a car chase , and they searched the man´s home. They found a lot of ammunition and many guns. The arrested man is 32 years old, and he already holds police records . In the past, he drove a car while he was drunk, police investigated him for criminal threats , and he also broke a gun law.	Authorities in California say that an employee of the company UPS is in custody. Police arrested the man because he threatened to carry out a mass shooting at a UPS facility. Reports say that the suspect, a 32-year-old man, sent threatening texts to his employer on Sunday. The suspect was later caught after a car chase. Police found more than 20,000 rounds of ammunition , five rifles, and various other guns in the suspect´s home. Authorities say that the suspect was known to police for criminal threats, driving under the influence , and several cases of weapons violations .
Lamb and Flag is a pub . It is in the center of Oxford, UK. The pub is more than 450 years old. Pubs are very popular in the UK. They are a part of history . People go to pubs every day. They eat and drink there. They meet friends there, too. Then the coronavirus changes everything. Pubs and restaurants close. People feel lonely . Many pubs, restaurants and hotels have a lot of problems with money. They do not know if they will open again. Lamb and Flag will close on January 31. People are sad. Many famous writers go to this pub in the past. Oxford is a university town. Students go to pubs. Students bring money to pubs. Now pubs do not have any money. Some politicians ask the government for help.	Lamb and Flag is a pub in Oxford, UK, and it opened in 1566. Later, it moved to the city center, and it became a favorite place of famous writers like Tolkien and Lewis. Oxford was a place where students and scholars lived, and pubs became a part of their lives. Students kept some pubs alive to this day, but the coronavirus pandemic changed everything. Now, after 455 years, Lamb and Flag must close because of money. The coronavirus had an impact on many pubs, restaurants, and hotels, and people started to see how important these places are for them. Some politicians asked the government to give more money to pubs because they are an important part of British life and tradition .	Oxford´s 450-year-old Lamb and Flag pub is being forced to shut down because of the pandemic, much like many other businesses in the hospitality industry. Lamb and Flag first opened in 1566, and in 1613, it was moved to its present location in the city center where it later became a favorite of authors like J. R. R. Tolkien and C. S. Lewis. Despite its long tradition, the pub will close on January 31, as it´s not currently financially viable . It´s likely that it won´t be the only pub shutting its doors because of the pandemic. According to the spokesperson for the Campaign for Real Ale , pubs are a very traditional part of British life, and they are a place to socialize. In the time of the coronavirus, people are beginning to appreciate the role of pubs in combating loneliness, and there have been calls for the government to provide sufficient support for historic venues to survive.
George H. W. Bush is one of the US presidents. Before he is president, he flies planes in WWII. He makes a lot of money running an oil company. He works in politics . He helps people feel better about their jobs. In 1980, Bush is vice -president to Ronald Reagan. In 1989, the American people elect Bush as president. Later, his son is also president. Bush is the oldest living US president. He dies this year.	People called George H. W. Bush the ‘ odd job ’ man in politics because he took short notice and difficult tasks. Before politics, Bush was a WWII pilot and then he became a millionaire running an oil company. When he entered politics, he worked in different positions to keep the people working there united and to restore morale . In 1980, Bush was vice president with Ronald Regan, and in 1989, the American people elected him as the 41 st president. Later on, Bush’s son become the 43 rd president. Until his death this year, Bush was the oldest living US president.	People called George H. W. Bush the ‘ odd job ’ man in politics, as he undertook short notice and difficult tasks throughout his life. Prior to politics, Bush was the youngest Naval aviator in WWII in Navy history, and he became a millionaire running an oil company. Then he entered politics in Houston, Texas, and he worked in different positions to keep the people working there united and to restore morale . In 1980, Ronald Regan brought Bush on as vice president, and in 1989, the American people elected him as the 41 st president of the US. He had a busy beginning with many events happening, but he handled them all. In 1992, Bush lost the re-election to Democrat Bill Clinton. Later on, Bush saw his son become the 43 rd president. Until his death this year, Bush was the oldest living US president.
There are wolves in France. The wolves attack sheep. Farmers are unhappy about this. They cannot kill the wolves. It is illegal . The farmers want to change this law. They protest. The protest is a little unusual. The farmers bring their sheep under the Eiffel Tower. They want the government to know about their problem. One farmer brings a lamb . It doesn’t have a mother. A wolf killed her.	Since 1993, wolves attacked around 8,000 sheep in France. The population of wolves has been growing because a law protects them. The number of attacks is growing as well. French farmers are unhappy about this, and they organise an unusual protest. They unleash their sheep under the Eiffel Tower. They want the government to know about their problem, and they want a permission to control the population of wolves. One farmer brought a lamb to the Parisian square. He said that it lost its mother that day – a wolf killed her.	Farmers in France have staged an unusual protest by unleashing sheep under the Eiffel Tower. The angry farmers are demonstrating against a number of wolves in the country that are killing too many of their animals and the government’s policy on protecting these wolves. It’s thought that the numbers of animals wolves have attacked have reached 8,000 since 1993 and the number continues to rise, as the population of wolves grows. So, in order to voice their concerns, farmers have taken to the streets of Paris with their sheep. “Today, this little lamb has lost its mother who was killed by a wolf, so we are asking the community what are we supposed to do? It needs its mother to feed, but today, its mother is dead because a wolf killed her. That’s the explanation we want to provide today in this Parisian square. The matter is that these wolves are not compatible with rearing animals.” The number of wolves in France increases by about 20 per cent each year and the farmers are asking for permission to actively control this growth.
Scientists find a body. It is a soldier’s body. He died during World War One. He was between 20 to 25 years old. Scientists also find his clothing and things. We know that he was German. He was found in a fortress . This fortress is in France. It is important. Over 16 million people died in World War One. It began in 1914 and ended in 1918.	Scientists discovered the remains of a soldier. He was German and he died during World War One. He was between 20 to 25 years old when he died. Someone buried his uniform and equipment with him, so we know that he was German. People discovered the soldier in  a fortress which is in the northeast of France. Its position made it an important strategic point for both sides of the war. Both German and French forces controlled it at some points during the war. Over 16 million people lost their lives during World War One. At that time, it was described as the war to end all wars.	The remains of World War One soldiers killed almost a hundred years ago have finally been discovered due to the work of a group of archaeologists. In the region of Champagne-Ardenne, in northeast France on Friday afternoon, local volunteers  unearthed a network of trenches and tunnels filled in by farmers after the war. This is the complete skeleton of an unidentified German soldier which is housed in the region’s archaeological warehouse . The soldier was aged between 20 and 25-years-old when he was killed, and the uniform and equipment found buried in his grave meant it was possible to identify him as German. The former natural fortress saw vast activity on Champagne’s far-right front line in the Great War of 1914-1918. Its pivotal position between the Champagne and Argonne fronts made it an important strategic point for both sides, with both German and French forces taking control over the complex puzzle of trenches during the war. Over 16 million people lost their lives during World War One, and at the time it was described as the war to end all wars.
There are suicide bombings in Saudi Arabia. One happens in the car park of the Prophet’s Mosque in Medina. This is the second most important place in Islam. It is 1394 years old. It is the Prophet’s Muhammed’s burial place . Millions of people visit it every year. Another suicide bomber attacks in the provence of Qatif. Another bomber attacks the US consulate . People do not know who does these attacks. People think that it is the Islamic State.	In a series of suicide bombings in Saudi Arabia, four people died and five others were injured. The attacks came as Saudis prepared to celebrate Eid Al-Fitr, marking the end of the holy month of Ramadan. In Medina, there was an attack in the car park of the Prophet’s Mosque, the second holiest site in Islam. The Prophet Muhammed founded the mosque in 622, and it is his burial place. Millions of pilgrims visit it every year. Elsewhere, another suicide bomber struck a mosque in the largely Shia provence of Qatif. Another bomber attacked the US consulate in Jeddah. No one claimed responsibility for these attacks, but many people think that it is the Islamic State.	At least four people have been killed and five others injured in a series of suicide bombings in Saudi Arabia. These images show the aftermath of one of the attacks, this one in the car park of the Prophet’s Mosque in Medina, the second holiest site in Islam. The mosque was founded by the Prophet Muhammad in 622 and is his burial place. It’s visited by millions of pilgrims every year. Elsewhere, another suicide bomber struck a mosque in the largely Shia provence of Qatif, while yet another targeted the US consulate in Jeddah. The attacks came as Saudis prepared to celebrate Eid Al-Fitr, marking the end of the holy month of Ramadan. No one has claimed responsibility for the attacks, but many will suspect the so-called Islamic State, who’ve carried out similar attacks in the past. The attack on Medina, though, is unprecedented and may be seen as attempt to undermine the Saudi monarchy’s guardianship of the holy site.
Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney are Hollywood actors. Ryan Reynolds is the star of the ´Deadpool´ movies. The two actors want to do an unusual business. Reynolds and McElhenney want to invest money in a football club. The football club is Wrexham AFC. It is a Welsh club. The club starts in 1864. It is the third oldest football club in the world. Their pitch is the oldest in the world. The actors have a meeting with the owners of the club. The actors speak about their plans. The owners are happy with the plans. They want to do business. This means they want to work together. It is quite usual that actors or sports stars do similar business.	Two Hollywood actors, Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney, would like to invest in a Welsh football club. Wrexham AFC was founded in 1864, which makes it the third oldest professional football team in the world. Their pitch is the oldest international football ground that is in use . The actors had a meeting with the group of the club owners, and the owners were excited to start business. In recent years, it has become more common that actors or sports stars buy sports clubs. In 2016, ´The Office´ star, Mindy Kaling, invested in Swansea City. Swansea City is a Welsh professional football club, and Kaling owns a big part of it.	Two major Hollywood stars are interested in investing in a non-league Welsh football club. Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney are said to be in talks to take over Wrexham AFC. The club, formed in 1864, is the third oldest professional football team in the world, and their pitch, the Racecourse Ground, is the oldest international football ground still in use. The actors put forward their vision for the club to members at a special general meeting. A consortium of fan-owners voted overwhelmingly in favor for talks to proceed. This is not the first time when Hollywood stars have dabbled in Welsh football ownership. In 2016, the US star Mindy Kaling purchased controlling stake in Swansea City.
People are in the streets of California, USA. They are saying “Not my president”. They want to show that they are not happy. They do not want Donald Trump as president of the United States. Hundreds of these people go through big cities. They use anti-Trump slogans . They say bad words to the president. Many people are shocked that Donald Trump is the new president. After eight years of control, the Democrats have to leave the White House. The protests clearly show that many people are not happy with this.	Crowds of people shouted “Not my president” in the streets of California. They wanted to express their anger at the election of Donald Trump as president of the United States. They wanted to make sure that their voices were heard. Hundreds of these people went through big cities. They used anti-Trump slogans and shouted insults at the newly elected president. Republican Donald Trump’s victory over democrat Hillary Clinton shocked many people. It ended eight years of democratic control of the White House. Clearly, as the protests show, many people are not pleased with the result.	Crowds of people chanted “Not my president” in the streets of California to express their anger at the election of Donald Trump as president of the United States. Making sure that their voices were heard, hundreds marched through big cities using anti-Trump slogans and shouting insults at the newly-elected president. Republican Donald Trump’s victory over Hillary Clinton shocked many people and ended eight years of democratic control of the White House, but clearly, as the protests show, many people are not pleased with the outcome .
Sport Stacking is a type of sport. It is only 36 years old. People stack 12 plastic cups in the sport. The cups must be stacked into a pyramid. Also, you must be fast. The faster you are, the better. Athletes from Taiwan win 11 gold medals at the World Championship. A 15-year-old girl wins four of them. Her best time is 5.615 seconds. She says that this is the high point in her career. She is under a lot of stress. She tries to keep calm. She wants to get even better. Taiwan hosts the next World Championship in Cowshung City.	People first played a Sport Stacking in the early 1980s. The aim of the game is to stack a set of 12 plastic cups into a pyramid in as little time as possible. Athletes from the Taiwanese World Sport Stacking Association won 11 gold medals at the World Championship. A 15-year-old girl won four of the medals herself. Her best time is 5.615 seconds. She says that this is the high point in her career. She says that she is under a lot of pressure, but she is trying to keep calm and get even better. The young athletes practise together once a month. For the rest of the time, they practise on their own. One seven-year-old girl says that she spends an hour a day practicing. Taiwan will host the next World Championship in Cowshung City.	Stacking at a furious speed. These athletes from the Taiwan branch of the World Sport Stacking Association are back at training after winning 11 gold medals at the World Championship. Yang Chu-chun claiming four herself. The 15-year-old’s new personal best, an astonishing 5.615 seconds. She says this is the high point in her career and although there’s a lot of pressure, she’s trying to keep calm and continue to beat her opponents’ times and hers. Sport Stacking was first played in the early 1980s. The aim of the game? To stack a set of 12 plastic cups into a pyramid or other sequences in as little time as possible. The young athletes practise together here once a month, but for the rest of the time, self-discipline is essential . And they definitely have that. Seven-year-old Chang Yu-ting says she spends an hour a day working on her speed and skill. The sport also includes relay and doubles competitions. But whatever your discipline, there’s no doubt for these athletes, their focus is on keeping a hold of their gold, especially when their country hosts the next World Championship in Cowshung City.
This news is from Mexico. During the Holy Week, people burn effigies . The effigies symbolise Judas. They can also symbolise unpopular politicians . Donald Trump is very unpopular in Mexico. People burn his effigy. There are fireworks inside the effigy. They burn. In the end, Trump’s head explodes. Mexicans are tired of Trump. They hope that he does not become the present of the USA.	Burning effigies are part of the Mexican Holy Week. Traditionally, they represent Judas Iscariot who betrayed Jesus Christ. However, effigies are often modelled on unpopular political figures . And there is no one more unpopular in Mexico than Donald Trump. People hung the effigy in the air and put fireworks inside it. It moved around as the fireworks blew up. In the end, Trump’s head exploded. One Mexican, who came out for the celebrations, said that Mexico is truly tired of Trump´s nonsense. The people hope that he will not become the next president of the USA.	An effigy of Donald Trump spins and fizzes in the sky before finally… his head explodes! Perhaps not something many of us expected to see today, but it was all part of these Easter celebrations in Mexico City. The U.S. Republican front runner for the presidential nomination has sparked  outrage south of the American border with his controversial anti-immigrant views and repeated attacks on the Mexican people. Burning effigies here are nothing new, but part of a widespread Mexican Holy Week tradition, where they’re meant to represent Judas Iscariot, who betrayed Jesus Christ, according to the Bible. But effigies are often modelled on unpopular political figures and few are more unpopular here than Donald Trump. Local resident Miguel Angel Tincono came out for the celebrations. He said the effigy was chosen because Mexicans were truly tired of the nonsense he speaks and are hoping he won’t get elected president. Similar events are reported to have taken place across the country. They’re thought to hold a symbolic function for uniting communities.
This happens in England. A cute baby silvery gibbon is born at a zoo. This is good news. There are less than 2,500 of the endangered animals in nature. Zoo keepers do not know if this baby is male or female. The baby is too small to know. Many babies are born at this zoo right now. This baby is the newest one. The zoo is having a baby boom .	An adorable baby silvery gibbon was born at Chester Zoo in Cheshire, England. There are less than 2,500 of the endangered animals in the wild, so this is good news. Zoo keepers do not know if the baby is male or female because it is too small to tell. This baby is the newest baby in a baby boom at the zoo.	An adorable baby silvery gibbon was born at Chester Zoo in Cheshire, England, to mom Tiu and dad Alven. This is good news as there are less than 2,500 of the endangered animals in the wild. Zoo keepers do not yet know if the baby is male or female because it is too tiny to tell. This baby is the newest one in a baby boom at the zoo.
Syria’s war is still happening. Ghouta is an area in Syria. Many bombs explode there. More than 500 civilians die. There is a video that shows White Helmet members. They look for survivors after a bomb explodes in Ghouta. The UN Security Council wants to help people in Syria. It tries to make a deal. This deal can help stop the fighting for some time.	Ghouta is an area in Syria which was heavily bombarded recently, and more than 500 civilians died. There is a video of White Helmet members rushing in to find survivors after a bombing in the eastern part of Ghouta. This attack happened as the UN Security Council worked on a deal to get people to stop fighting in Syria for some time.	Ghouta is a suburb to the east of Damascus, Syria’s capital, and heavy bombardment has been happening there with people reporting more than 500 civilian deaths in recent shelling . The Syrian Civil Defence released a video of White Helmet members rushing in to find survivors after a bombing in the eastern part of Ghouta. This attack occurred as the UN Security Council worked on a ceasefire resolution with people involved in the war in Syria.
Fidel Castro was the president of Cuba. He retired in 2008. His brother Raul Castro is now the Cuban President. However, many people still like Fidel Castro. Fidel Castro turns 90 years old. There is a big birthday party for him in Cuba. He comes to the party. He looks well. He has a good time. People are happy that he is there. Fidel Castro does not speak at the party. He later writes a letter. He thanks everybody. He also criticises Barack Obama. Obama visited Cuba in March.	Fidel Castro turned 90 and Cuba celebrated. The former Cuban leader came to the celebrations with his brother, President Raul Castro, and the Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro. Raul Castro became the president in 2008, but many Cubans still highly respect Fidel Castro. They see him as the man who freed Cuba from US domination , and he delighted them when they saw him at the celebrations. He seemed in good health and happy. Fidel Castro did not speak at the event, but he thanked everybody in a letter. He also criticised Barack Obama who visited Cuba in March.	Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro making a rare public appearance this weekend as events were held to celebrate his 90th birthday. The revolutionary leader attended a televised gala at Havana’s Karl Marx theater alongside his brother President Raul Castro and Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro. Despite handing over power to his younger brother in 2008, Castro is still held in high regard by many Cubans who were delighted to see him enjoying the festivities. “I see him as animated , this Cuban said. He was speaking with everyone and seemed very happy. Recently, they haven’t put him on television because he’s been sick but now he seems much better.” Castro didn’t speak at the event on Saturday night, but in a letter published by state media, he thanked well-wishers for their support and criticised US President Barack Obama who visited Cuba in March. Many Cubans feel Fidel is out of step with the times, that his brother’s more pragmatic approach is serving Cuba well, but these celebrations show just how much Cubans still revere the man who freed their country from US domination .
North Korea has nuclear weapons . The USA does not like this. The USA wants North Korea to get rid of its nuclear weapons. The USA puts sanctions on North Korea. North Korea does not like this. This is a difficult situation. The leaders of the countries meet. Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un talk about it. They meet in Vietnam. They talk for two days. North Korea can get rid of many nuclear weapons. To do this, North Korea wants all of the sanctions to stop. The USA does not want to stop all of them. Nothing comes from the talks. Nothing is bad, and nothing is good.	There was a historic meeting between Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un last week, and they met in Vietnam’s capital of Hanoi. They were there to talk about the denuclearisation of North Korea. The meeting ended earlier than planned, and they did not sign a deal . Trump later explained why he walked away from the talks. He said that North Korea wanted to denuclearise a large area, which is what the USA wanted, but North Korea wanted USA to stop all the sanctions for that. The USA did not want to do that, so the meeting ended. Trump said that the two days of talks were interesting, productive and friendly. The talks between the two countries will continue.	The historic meeting between Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un took place in Vietnam’s capital of Hanoi last week. The centre of the summit was a denuclearisation between the two countries. However, the talks ended earlier than planned, and people cancelled the signing ceremony. President Trump explained his decision to walk away from the denuclearisation deal in a press conference. He said that North Korea was willing to denuke a large portion of the areas that the USA wanted it to, but North Korea wanted all of its sanctions lifted for that, and the USA could not do this. Nevertheless, Trump said that the countries conducted the talks in a constructive and friendly manner and that work and talks between them will continue.
A house party happens in Rochester, New York, USA. It is a problem for police. Parties are not legal in New York right now. The reason is the coronavirus. People must not meet in large groups. Rochester police arrive at the house. A mass shooting happens in the house. Around 100 people run down the street. They are scared. The police find two dead people. 14 people have injuries . The police do not know why the shooting happens. The officers do not arrest anybody. People in Rochester are angry at the police. In March, officers arrest a black man there. The man dies. There are many problems between people and police.	There was a party at a house in Rochester, New York, USA. However, parties are prohibited in the state because of the coronavirus. That means that the party was not legal . A mass shooting happened at the party, during which two people died and 14 people were hurt. Luckily, the injuries were not serious. The police did not arrest anybody, and they also do not know why the shooting happened. In Rochester, the police are in a difficult situation because in March they arrested a black man who later died. Many people are very angry at the police. People drink a lot of alcohol at parties, and when the police arrive, they become aggressive and violent.	Two people have been killed and 14 have been left injured after a mass shooting at an illegal party in Rochester, New York State. The victims were aged between 18 and 22, and none of the 14 others suffered life-threatening injuries. The attack happened at a gathering of about 100 people, which, according to police, was breaking COVID-19 restrictions. Parties are prohibited under the state´s coronavirus restrictions; however, people often do not respect them. When there is alcohol and violence, a disaster can easily happen. In Rochester, no suspects have been arrested and no motive has been identified. The city´s police have been under  increasing  pressure over the death of Daniel Prude, a black man who was hooded  and  restrained during an arrest.
A Brazilian plane has a problem. Its front wheels are not working. The plane must make an emergency landing . It is too heavy. The pilot must make the plane lighter. He lets some fuel out of it. The plane lands on the ground. It lands on the back wheels. Everything is fine. Nobody is injured . The plane can get on fire. Firefighters spray the plane with foam . The foam stops the fire. The accident is a problem. It blocks other planes. Many planes must wait to land or to fly.	A Brazilian plane had a problem. Its front landing gear did not function. The plane made an emergency landing in Brasilia. To reduce the weight of the plane, the pilot circled the Brazilian capital and let out fuel. He then landed the plane successfully. None of the 49 passengers or crew of 5 were injured in the landing. The pilot managed to land the plane on its back wheels. Airport fire crews sprayed the plane with foam to make sure it would not get on fire. One of the airport’s runways had to be closed because of the accident. Many flights were delayed .	It was a lucky escape for the crew and passengers on this jet, as it managed to make an emergency landing in Brasilia on Friday after its front landing gear failed to deploy . None of the 49 passengers or crew of 5 on the Avianca Brazil Fokker 100 jet were injured in the landing, as the pilot managed to land the plane on its rear wheels before lowering the nose onto the runway. The pilot had declared the emergency after spotting the fault and then circled the Brazilian capital to shed fuel and reduce the weight of the jet before attempting the landing. After the plane successfully touched down, airport fire crews sprayed it with foam to prevent it from setting alight . Because of the incident one of Brasilia airport’s runways was closed, delaying a number of flights into Brazil’s fourth largest airport.
On December 20th, a baby orangutan is born. She is born at a zoo in Chicago, USA. She makes her debut at two weeks old. People can see her now. Zoo officials say that you can see her in the mornings. She clings onto her mother. She frequently naps. She is very tired. There are 94 Bornean orangutans and 87 Sumatran orangutans in American zoos.	On December 20th, a baby orangutan was born at a zoo in Chicago, USA. She made an adorable debut at two weeks old so that the public can see the baby. If you do get to see her, you will see that she is very tired. Zoo officials say that you can see her on most mornings while she clings onto her mother and frequently naps. The baby is one of 94 Bornean orangutans and 87 Sumatran orangutans that live in zoos in North America.	A baby orangutan made her adorable debut at two weeks old at Brookfield Zoo in Chicago, USA. She was born on December 20th to proud parents Sophie and Ben. Now the public can enjoy her in all of her charming splendour , although the first few weeks seem to be very tiring for her. Zoo officials say that people can see her on most mornings as she continuously clings to her mother and frequently naps. She is one of just 94 Bornean orangutans and 87 Sumatran orangutans living in North American zoos.
Medical workers in the US have a problem. They do not have enough hand sanitizer. Hand sanitizer is a gel. Medical workers wash their hands with it. This gel contains alcohol. The alcohol stops infection , such as from a sickness. Some companies can help. They make alcohol. Companies can make millions of gallons of alcohol. However, they make alcohol for the food industry. Alcohol for the food industry is different. It is stronger. US regulators worry. They say that this alcohol is not good for skin. It is not possible to make hand sanitizer with this alcohol. Recently, regulators change the rules. With the new rules, companies can make medical gloves, ventilators , and coronavirus tests. Alcohol companies hope that regulators change the rules for them, too.	US health care workers struggle because they do not have enough hand sanitizer . Companies that produce ethanol can help solve the problem. They could make millions of gallons of ethanol; however, they make ethanol for the food industry. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) does not agree with their idea. Officials do not want to allow ethanol producers to make food ethanol for medical use. They say that it is a lower grade ethanol, and it is not safe to put it on people´s skin. Health officials say that the FDA should make its rules less strict because it could help with the lack of hand sanitizer. In recent days, officials changed rules to support companies to make medical gloves, ventilators, and coronavirus tests.	Ethanol producers say that they can produce millions of gallons of alcohol that could be made into hand sanitizers. Health care workers across the US struggle with the shortage of hand sanitizer, and ethanol producers are willing to help. However, federal regulators have been preventing this from happening. The reason is that most ethanol plants make food-grade ethanol, which is a step below medical grade. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) worries about allowing people to put a lower grade alcohol on their skin. Some officials say that the FDA should consider loosening its guidelines, which would allow ethanol producers to help with the hand sanitizer shortage. In recent days, federal regulators have relaxed restrictions to support to production of medical supplies like gloves, ventilators, and coronavirus tests.
Now, it is very cold in northern Spain. There is a lot of snow. It is not very normal at the beginning of December. December 6 is Constitution Day in Spain. Many people visit their families. They have five days  off . Authorities say that it is better to go home. The weather will be worse on the weekend. Many cars will be on the roads. A water reservoir in eastern Spain freezes. A dog gets stuck in the water. It cannot get out. The dog is in the water for several hours. Then, two police officers help the dog. They take off their clothes. They get in the cold water. They break the ice. The dog is safe again. The two men are heroes .	Cold weather came to northern Spain, and it brought many problems. On December 6, it was Constitution Day, and many people left to visit their families. Authorities asked people to return home because they expected heavy snow in the coming days. Then, a video on social media showed two police officers who saved a dog which was stuck in icy water in the Canfranc R eservoir . The two men took off their uniforms, and they walked through the cold water. One of them used a tree branch to break the ice and to get to the dog. The animal could then swim to the bank of the lake.	Two Spanish police officers went way beyond the call of duty to rescue a dog as cold weather arrived in the northern part of the country. The heroic men took off their uniforms before wading into a frozen reservoir in Canfranc, eastern Spain and dragged the pet to safety. One of the officers used a large tree branch to break the thick ice that had formed on the lake’s surface. He also used the branch to reach the dog that had already been stuck for hours. The men cleared a path for the animal to swim to safety. The Spanish Meteorological Agency predicted heavy snow and high wind in parts of northern Spain, and authorities advised people to return early from a five-day break.
Indy Mellink lives in the Netherlands. She is 23 years old. She is a designer. She studies psychology. Last summer, she plays cards with her cousin. She looks at the cards. A king, queen, and jack are on the cards. Mellink starts to think about the pictures. A king is more important than a queen in cards. Mellink does not like it. She believes that men are always more important than women. She wants to change it. She makes unusual cards. A king, queen and jack are not on the cards. There are gold, silver and bronze bars . Mellink sells her cards on the Internet. Around 1,500 people buy them. Some people do not like the cards. They do not see a problem with traditional cards.	Indy Mellink is a 23-year-old psychology student and designer who created unusual cards. Last summer, she was explaining a game to her cousin, and she asked herself why a king ranked more than a queen on playing cards. She thought that it was important to make people see that in history, men were always more important than women. Mellink got an idea to make cards which would have no images of men and women on them. She made cards where there were gold, silver and bronze bars instead of a king, queen and jack . Mellink tested the cards and she sold around 1,500 packs. Some players said that they never thought about the different situation of men and women when they played cards. They did not think that a king was more important than a queen.	A 23-year-old Dutch psychology student and designer has created a gender-neutral card deck in which the images of a king, queen, and jack are replaced with gold, silver and bronze bars. After noticing that card decks value kings more than queens, Indy Mellink decided that it was time to break with the centuries-old tradition of sexual inequality in playing card decks that rank men above women. Mellink hopes to raise awareness about sexual inequalities and how that influences people in their daily lives. Mellink has been testing the cards out on players who said that they had never been aware of this issue before. Mellink has sold around 1,500 packs; however, some Dutch card players are skeptical about her creation. Hans Kelder from the Dutch Bridge Association said that he had been playing bridge for 36 years, and he never heard that a woman or a jack would feel undervalued.
This news is from China. It is about an old woman. She slips out of her window. She is hanging from the window. She cries for help. The woman is lucky. Two men hear her. They come quickly. They help her. They hold the woman. People say that the men are heroes. The woman is in shock. She is not injured seriously, but she goes to hospital.	An old woman slipped out of her window on the fourth floor. She hung from the window and cried for help. Luckily for the woman, help came soon. Two workers who were painting the building heard her. They immediately ran to the woman to save her. They climbed up the building and held the woman until the emergency services arrived. People called the workers heroes. The woman was not injured seriously. She was in shock .	Two migrant workers in north China are being hailed as heroes, after they came to the rescue of this woman who was hanging from the window of a four- storey building. The elderly woman in her 80s could be seen on Tuesday hanging from the building, after she’d slipped out of her window on the fourth floor. Fortunately, her leg was caught on the air conditioner also hanging outside the window. She was left crying for help whilst hanging upside down in the air. Two workers who were painting the building heard her screams for help and immediately ran to the woman’s rescue. They climbed up the building and held her until emergency services arrived. Firefighters and paramedics turned up and helped bring the elderly woman down. Luckily she didn’t suffer any major injures, but was left in a state of shock.
A man owns a wildlife park . He wants to check on a lion. He walks into its pen . The lion attacks him. The lion injures the man’s neck. He quickly goes to hospital. People say that the lion has to be killed.	A wildlife park owner walked into a lion’s pen to check on it, and he was attacked within moments. He suffered neck and jaw injuries and quickly went to hospital. People say that later the lion was killed.	Wildlife park owner Mike Hodge walked into a lion’s pen to check on it, but the lion attacked him within moments. He suffered neck and jaw injuries and immediately went to hospital. People later reported that the lion was killed.
Both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump tried to be president. Hillary Clinton lost . Trump is now the president of the USA. Hillary can try again to be president in 2020. However, she says that she does not want to be president. However, she will not stop working and speaking to people. There are things in the USA which she does not like. She still wants to help. She is happy that there are more women in Congress. She thinks that they are doing good work.	Hillary Clinton lost the White House to Trump, and recently she said that she is not running for president again in 2020. However, she said that she will not stop working, speaking and standing up for what she believes. She said that she is troubled by some things in the USA. She is especially troubled that there are ‘two camps ’ of people in the USA. She is happy that there are more women in Congress. She said that they are already doing good work.	Hillary Clinton, who narrowly lost the White House to Trump, said that she will not be running for president again in the 2020 elections. However, she said that she would go on working, speaking and standing up for what she believes. She said that she is troubled by things which are happening in the USA. One example is the extreme polarisation of the American public which led to two ‘opposing camps’. She said she is thrilled by the dynamic women who the people elected to Congress and who are already making their mark .
There was an earthquake in Nepal. This earthquake caused a snowslide. The snowslide hit a camp. This camp is in the mountains. It is the Everest base camp. It killed around 17 people. A man filmed the snowslide. He is from Canada.	The cities of Nepal weren’t the only places which were affected by the recent earthquake. The earthquake triggered a snowslide which hit the Everest base camp. It killed at least 17 people and trapped many. A videographer from Canada filmed the moment that the snowslide hit. The cloud of snow blew tents and people hundreds of feet (1 foot is 30 centimetres).	This dramatic video shows the Everest base camp as an avalanche  triggered by the Nepal earthquake hit. At least 17 people were killed in the avalanche and dozens were trapped in the icy terrain north of the base camp. The video shows a cloud of snow blasting through the camp and the bodies of victims being recovered. The avalanche blew tents, people and gear hundreds of feet. The footage was captured by a videographer from Canada. He was on the mountain with the Sixth Summit Challenge Group for a charity expedition. The 7.9 earthquake struck on Saturday, killing more than 5,200 people.
This news is about a man. He is from Great Britain. One day, he comes home. He finds a lot of clothes. He must iron these clothes. He thinks that ironing is boring . He wants to make it fun. He takes the clothes and the iron outside. He irons the clothes outside. People like his idea. They do this, too. People iron underwater, upside down, and on the back of a cow. This is called extreme ironing.	A Brit once came home and found a pile of ironing. He decided to make the chore fun, so he took it on the edge of a cliff and did it there. His idea inspired other people and they ironed underwater, upside down, and even on the back of a cow. The man who started all this stopped extreme ironing because he had to work and take care of his family. But now, after 11 years, he is back! He says that it is fun to see how people react to extreme ironing. Some people are confused, some laugh, and some ignore you.	Of all the sports in the world, this one must be one of the weirdest – extreme ironing! And now the man who invented it, has decided to make a comeback after 11 years of self-denial . Rock-climbing Brit Phil Shaw, otherwise known as Steam,claims to have invented the past time when he came home to find a pile of ironing and decided to take the boredom out of the domestic chore by doing it on the edge of a cliff. Others rose to the challenge and have ironed underwater, upside down on a climbing wall, and even on the back of a cow. As career and family commitments took over, Shaw gave up his hobby, but he’s now back in training with his long-suffering wife Starch running through woods in southern England, as they gear up for fresh challenges. “I’d almost forgotten how people respond to it, and sometimes they just look confused, other times they laugh, other times they ignore you. But it’s always fun just to see how people respond to it, and you know, at the end of the day it’s a bit of fun and people enjoy it. In 2002, Shaw and a group of friends won the first and only Extreme Ironing World Championships in Germany and they took the sport on a tour in the United States two years later. So who knows, with Steam’s comeback, there might be another tour to look forward to!
The Euro 2016 is taking place in France. Thousands of football fans come to the country. Some fans make problems. They fight in Lille. Lille is in northern France. Supporters of England and Russia fight. Thousands of extra police officers come. They try to keep people under control. People limit the sales of alcohol before the matches .	Thousands of football fans continue to arrive in France for the Euro 2016 tournament. There were scuffles between England and Russia supporters in Lille in northern France. The government drafted in thousands of extra police officers to keep the crowds under control. People will also limit the sales of alcohol before the matches.	Brief scuffles between England and Russia supporters broke out in Lille last night, as thousands of football fans continue to arrive in France for the Euro 2016 tournament. The violence broke out in the early hours of this morning after pubs and bars closed in the northern French city, where Russia are playing Slovakia this afternoon. The area is seen as a potential trouble spot as England fans congregate ahead of their match against Wales in nearby Lens on Thursday. Both teams have been threatened with expulsion from the competition after dozens of fans were injured in Marseille last week. In Lille, thousands of extra police officers have been drafted in to keep the crowds under control, and sales of alcohol will be limited before the matches.
A lot of violence is in Northern Ireland between the 1960s and 1998. More than 3,000 people die. There are political and nationalistic problems. The violence stops when the UK and Ireland sign a deal in 1998. Now, violence starts again. Protesters have conflicts with police in Belfast last week. Belfast is the capital. It is the largest city of Northern Ireland. Some people are not happy with a new deal. It is a deal between Northern Ireland and Ireland. This deal means that both countries can trade together. The reason is Brexit. The UK leaves the EU in January 2021. It means that Northern Ireland is not a part of the EU. Some people do not want special rules between the two countries. It brings new problems. It is possible that more violence will be in Northern Ireland.	Between the 1960s and 1998, more than 3,000 people died in Northern Ireland. The problems were mainly political and nationalistic , and they stopped when the UK and Ireland signed a peace deal . It was called The Good Friday Agreement. At the end of 2020, the UK left the EU, which brought many problems. The EU has a new border, a border between Ireland and Northern Ireland. It is 499 kilometers long and there are no checkpoints. Ireland and Northern Ireland signed a special deal which means that both countries can still do business together. But some people are not happy and they do not agree with the new rules. Violence started in Belfast, Northern Ireland, one week ago. Protesters threw petrol bombs at police and somebody hijacked a bus. Some people worry that the situation could get worse and more violence could start.	An agreement known as the Northern Ireland Protocol aims to keep the land border between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland free of any visible checkpoints. And it is the fundamental point of the Brexit accord between the EU and the UK. Following Brexit, the 499-kilometer frontier became the EU´s new land border with the UK. Without special status, checks would have had to take place on the frontier because the UK has exited the customs union and single market. By keeping the land border free of checkpoints, both sides hope to prevent a return of the era of sectarian violence that cost more than 3,000 lives between the late 1960s and the signature of a peace accord in 1998. However, a week ago, a hijacked bus was set on fire and petrol bombs were hurled at police in Belfast, Northern Ireland. Riots lasted for more than a week, and it was clear that Britain´s exit from the EU unsettled an uneasy political balance.
An artist makes an animation. She is from Britain. She paints her face and takes a photograph of it. Then she paints her face again. The second picture on her face is a little bit different. She takes a photograph again. She does this 750 times. She works 17 hours a day for five days. The pictures are put together. They are played fast. It looks like a movie. The animation is very interesting. It is about rebirth and transfer of energy.	A British artist created an animation. She painted her face and took a picture of it. She repeated this process over 750 times. She changed her face paint a little each time. The pictures were then played at high speed. The artist worked 17 hours a day for five days to create the piece. The artwork is called Ruby and it is about rebirth and the transfer of energy.	Emma Allen, a British artist from London, took over 750 photographs after changing her face paint each time. She then created a stop-motion animation from the pictures, i.e. showing the pictures in a video at high speed to give the impression of movement. The artwork called Ruby is about rebirth and the transfer of energy, and it took Emma five days to create, working 17 hours a day.
In the USA, the Supreme Court is the most powerful court . It makes same-sex marriage  legal in the USA. This means that men can marry men, and women can marry women. In Turkey, there is a gay pride event . It is the biggest gay pride event in the Muslim world. People want same-sex marriage to be legal, too. They do not want to be killed. They also want women and animals to be safe. Police attack these people. They shoot at them. They make them run away.	The Supreme Court of the United States declared same-sex marriage legal across the USA. In Turkey, the largest gay pride event in the Muslim world was held. The people wanted same-sex marriage to be legalized and to end the violence against homosexuals, women and animals. The atmosphere on the streets changed when Turkish police fired a water cannot and rubber pellets to make these people run away. One man explained that this is not just how gay people are treated in Turkey. Any request for rights are met like this – with violence.	Often dubbed the largest gay pride event in the Muslim world, the atmosphere on the streets of Istanbul took a turn after Turkish police fired a water cannon, rubber pellets and, reportedly, tear gas, to disperse crowds gathered for the city’s annual Pride Parade. It was not immediately clear why law enforcers stopped the marchers gathering, however, local news suggest that the parade was unexpectedly cancelled by the Istanbul Government Office as its timing this year coincides with the holy month of Ramadan, something that could affront conservative Muslims. Several hundreds of people ran to the back streets as they booed and jeered at police. Coming just days after the historic Supreme Court ruling declaring same-sex marriage legal across the US, the heavy-handed approach taken by Istanbul’s riot police was particularly infuriating for the LGBT community. “The people do not hurl stones and they never would. They do not throw petrol bombs. They just ask for a legal recognition. You have seen the intervention here. This is the summary of what has been happening in Turkey. Any request for rights are met like this.” “We want same-sex marriages to be legalised like many European countries. We want normalisation. We want LGBT members not to be killed. And we want to end violence against women, animals and all living creatures”. According to a journalist at the scene, the police appeared intent on stopping the crowd gathering near Taksim Square, a traditional rallying ground for demonstrators which saw weeks of unrest in 2013. While unlike most other Muslim countries, homosexuality is not a crime in Turkey, homophobia remains widespread.
Fadi Ahmed comes from Jordan. He is 33 years old. He is a driver. He sees a car in the street. The car is special. It sells coffee. Ahmed loves the idea. Ahmed buys a Volkswagen Beetle in 2019. He changes it into a coffee shop . He sells hot drinks and herbs . He sells the drinks only during Ramadan . Then the coronavirus comes. Ahmed needs more money. He starts to sell coffee every day. It is Ahmed´s second job. Drivers see Ahmed´s green car. It is interesting for them. They stop. They buy Ahmed´s coffee. They like it very much. Many people buy coffee from Ahmed every day. Sometimes they wait for him in the morning.	A 33-year-old man from Jordan works as a driver and a few years ago, he saw an unusual car in the street. The car sold coffee and Ahmed liked the idea very much. In 2019, Ahmed bought a Volkswagen Beetle and he changed it into a coffee shop. At first, his idea was to earn extra money during Ramadan . Then when the coronavirus pandemic started, Ahmed needed to make more money. He decided to sell coffee and other drinks every day. Some people buy Ahmed´s coffee daily, and they love the taste of it. Sometimes, when Ahmed is late people are already waiting for him. His green car attracts drivers who want to try his coffee and to see how he makes it.	A Jordanian, Fadi Ahmed, has turned his Volkswagen Beetle into a coffee shop. Ahmed works as a driver in a private company, and he spotted a similar car years ago. He decided to buy his car and open his project in 2019 to help him save his expenses . He serves roadside hot drinks and herbs every morning as an additional source of income that helps him meet the requirements of life. Sometimes customers wait for him if he is only a few minutes late while some people are impatient when they have to wait for their drinks to get ready. The green car attracts drivers´ attention, and they are curious to see how their coffee is prepared. Surprisingly, the process is very clean and the coffee is delicious, too. Ahmad used to open his coffee shop only in the month of Ramadan ; however, with the coronavirus outbreak, he started to serve coffee from it daily.
Zimbabwe is a country in Africa. It is in the south. Robert Mugabe is the country’s president. He is 92 years old. He celebrates his birthday. The birthday party costs 1 million dollars. Some people criticise this. There is a drought in Zimbabwe. Three million people don’t have enough food. Many people come to Zimbabwe’s capital. They celebrate the president’s birthday. Mugabe gives a speech . He talks about the country’s problems. He says that Zimbabwe has problems because of the West.	Zimbabwe, a country in the south of Africa, won its independence from Britain in 1980. Since then, Robert Mugabe has been the country’s leader. Mugabe recently celebrated his 92nd birthday at a party, which cost nearly 1 million dollars. Some people criticised the party for being too luxurious and said that it was an insult to the poor. There was even a 92-kilogram birthday cake. Right now, there is a drought in Zimbabwe, and three million people don’t have enough food because of bad conditions. Tens of thousands of people came to the country’s capital to celebrate. In his birthday speech, the president blamed Zimbabwe’s economic problems on Western countries.	It was a lavish  affair in Zimbabwe, featuring a 92-kilogram cake and a party that cost nearly 1 million dollars, as Robert Mugabe celebrated his 92nd birthday. The leader had his cake and ate it, as tens of thousands gathered to mark the occasion in the drought – stricken city of Masvingo. The event drew criticism from opponents who said the celebrations were an affront to ordinary people in the country struggling with widespread food shortages . Mugabe had assured no one would starve as a result of a drought, which has left three million people in need and has prompted the declaration of a state of disaster and a plea for over a billion dollars in aid. And while many were in a festive mood for the occasion, Mugabe, accompanied by his wife Grace, used his birthday speech to attack western donors and gay rights. Mugabe is Zimbabwe’s only leader since its independence from Britain in 1980. Critics blame him for many of the country’s problems, citing his policies, including the seizures and redistribution of white-owned commercial farms. The elderly leader, however, blames his countries economic troubles on Western meddling . Despite his age, he shows no intention of stepping down, much to the frustration of feuding members of his ruling ZANU–PF party.
This news is from Laos. People build a dam there. There are problems with it. It collapses . It releases so much water. The water falls down onto villages. Nineteen or more people die. Around 6,000 people lose their homes. More than 3,000 people need help.	A South Korean company is building a dam in Laos. On Friday 20th, part of the dam sunk by 11 centimetres, and last week, the dam collapsed . More than 5 billion cubic metres of water ran onto nearby villages, killing at least 19 people. 6,000 people lost their homes, and more than 3,000 people still need help. The company which is building the dam is helping to save the people.	In a remote part of Laos, part of an under-construction hydroelectric power plant sunk by 11 centimetres on Friday 20th. The following week, the dam collapsed. More than 5 billion cubic metres of water was released onto nearby villages – at least 19 people died, 6,000 lost their homes, and more than 3,000 are still in need of rescue. The South Korean company responsible for the dam’s construction is helping with the rescue efforts.
This news is from Tasmania. A woman sees a dead wombat on the road. She goes up to it. She sees that its pouch is moving. There is a baby wombat inside! She helps the baby out of the pouch. It is cold so she puts it in a towel. Another woman takes care of the baby wombat. She keeps it in her bra. This keeps the baby warm. Also, it feels like a pouch to the baby. The baby spends three months in the bra.	A woman saw a dead wombat by the road in Tasmania. After walking up to the carcass , she noticed that the pouch was moving. There was a live baby wombat in the pouch! The woman helped the baby from its mother’s body. It was cold, so she wrapped the little wombat in a towel. Another woman now takes care of the baby. She keeps it in her bra to keep its body temperature up. Also, the place feels a lot like the pouch for the baby. It will stay there for three months.	Jodie Bradshaw, who runs FreeHearts Animal Sanctuary in Tasmania, spotted a dead wombat by the roadside. As she came closer, she noticed the pouch  wriggling . She thought that it was maggots but then she saw a tiny paw – there was an alive baby wombat in the pouch. She helped the freezing infant out from its dead mother’s body and wrapped it in a towel. Another wildlife carer, an older lady, adopted the baby, keeping it in her bra to maintain its body temperature and recreate the same environment of its mother’s pouch. The little marsupial will spend time there for about three months before he gets too heavy. People say that he is eating well and now at a good body weight. The FreeHearts Animal Sanctuary hopes that the released video will encourage people to check dead animals for babies to prevent further unnecessary deaths.
A man is brave. He likes to do risky things. He climbs Mount Everest. He goes 16,000 kilometres across the Pacific Ocean. Now he wants to beat a world record. He wants to fly around the world. He will do it solo in a hot-air balloon. He must fly around the world in less than 13 and a half days. Then he can beat the record. His wife says that flying in a balloon solo is important for him. It is his childhood dream .	In Australia, a Russian Orthodox priest set off to break a world record. He wants to break the previous world record of flying around the world solo in a hot-air balloon. He must do it in fewer than 13 and a half days. This priest has attempted many risky adventures before, such as climbing Mount Everest and rowing 16,000 kilometres across the Pacific Ocean. However, his wife said that this new adventure is her husband’s childhood dream.	A world record attempt! 64-year-old Fedor Konyukhov set off to try and fly around the world solo in this hot-air balloon. The Russian Orthodox priest left from Australia where his family were there to wish him well. “It was his dream from his youth . And he always told me that one of his biggest dreams was to go up in a balloon, so it’s a main dream of him.” It’s not the first risky adventure he’s attempted . He previously climbed Mount Everest and rowed 16,000 kilometres across the Pacific Ocean. But to beat this record, he’d have to do it in less than 13 and a half days, something American Steve Fossett did in 2002. Attempting to fly the world solo has been a childhood dream of Fedor’s. He’ll have to wait and see whether it lives up to his expectations .
Barack Obama gives a speech. A man starts to shout . He shouts: “ Freedom for Ethiopia!” The president cannot talk when the man shouts. Obama stops his speech. He reacts to this man. He tells him that he is right. Obama wants to talk about it later. The man wants to help the people of Ethiopia. He says that he is a freedom activist .	Barack Obama gave a speech and a heckler interrupted him. The man shouted, “Freedom for Ethiopia!”. The president stopped his speech and reacted to the man. He said that he agreed with him and that they could talk about it later. Obama’s , “You kind of screwed up my ending, but that’s okay,” made the audience laugh. The man, who is a freedom activist, later gave out copies of a letter he wrote to the president. The man wants to help the people of Ethiopia.	US President Barack Obama had to break away from his speech to the Democratic National Committee in California when he was interrupted by a heckler . A man in the crowd began shouting “Freedom for Ethiopia!”, and despite the president’s best efforts, he didn’t manage to stop the taunts . “And if we do, then I guarantee you…” “Freedom! Freedom for Ethiopia!” “I agree with you. Although, why don’t I talk about it later because I’m just about to finish? You and me, we’ll talk about it! Alright, I’m going to be coming around. There you go! I agree with you. I want to hear it from you! I love you back! You kind of screwed up my ending, but that’s okay. The uh… That’s okay. And we’ve got free speech in this country, which is great too!” The man, who described himself as an exiled journalist and freedom activist trying to raise the voices of Ethiopians, later handed out copies of a letter he wrote to the president about aiding the “ oppressed people of Ethiopia”.
A special house is built in Shanghai. It is upside down. The house features a bathroom, bedrooms, a kitchen and a living area. Everything is upside down in the house, even the furniture and the cutlery . Many people are shocked. They lose their balance . One tourist likes the bathroom the most. There is a toilet in the bathroom. The tourist thinks that the water can fall out of the toilet. The house is built by people from Poland. It took five months to build the house.	A fully upside down house was built in Shanghai. It features a bathroom, bedrooms, a kitchen and a living area. The house is a place where everything is turned upside down, including furniture and even the cutlery . Many visitors are shocked and dizzy . One tourist said that the most interesting room was the bathroom. She felt like the water might be falling out of the toilet. Polish designers created the house, and it took five months to build. The house was opened to the public last week.	If you have ever wondered what it would be like to dance on the ceiling, you can actually give it a go at a fully upside down house in Shangai. The house by a Polish designer features a bathroom, bedrooms, a kitchen and a living area with everything upside down, including the furniture and cutlery. Visitors to the house say that it is a dizzying experience, with one tourist finding the bathroom most interesting. She kept feeling like water might be falling out of the loo.
This news is from Georgia. Tbilisi is the capital city of Georgia. This city is flooded . Nine people die. The floods damage the city. There is a zoo in the city. Around 30 animals escape . They’re in the streets of the city. The animals are dangerous. They are tigers, lions, bears, wolves and a hippopotamus. People catch the animals. They also kill some of them.	Severe flooding hit Tbilisi, the capital of Georgia. At least nine people died. The damage is in the millions of dollars. Heavy rains turned the river which flows through the city into a torrent – it swept away many buildings and cars. The water also damaged the cages of some zoo animals, and more than 30 animals escaped. People saw tigers, lions, bears, wolves and a hippopotamus in the streets. People caught some of the animals and killed others, but people should still stay indoors.	Georgian officials say the relief effort is underway after severe flooding killed several people and created widespread damage in the capital Tbilisi. The Georgian President said he offered his deepest condolences to the families of the deceased . He said it is a great tragedy when you suddenly lose a family member. Tbilisi’s mayoral office will provide financial assistance to eliminate the consequences of the natural disaster. “The situation is difficult, but it can be handled, except for the fact that we cannot bring back those who died.” At least nine people have died. Deadly zoo animals were also prowling the streets of the capital after flooding caused damage to their cages, allowing them to escape. Tigers, lions, bears, wolves and a hippopotamus were among the more than 30 animals that escaped from the zoo overnight. It is unclear as of yet if some of the human fatalities have been caused by the wild animals. Some of the escaped animals have been killed or tranquilised , but residents were advised to stay indoors until they could be captured. Heavy rains turned the river that flows through Tbilisi into a torrent that swept away dozens of buildings and cars. Authorities said the damage could amount to millions of dollars.
Michael Jordan´s sneakers or shoes sell for 1.47 million dollars at auction . The shoes are Nike Air Ships. They are the first shoes which sell for more than one million dollars. Jordan wears these shoes on November 1, 1984. It is during his first season with the team the Chicago Bulls. Jordan starts to work together with Nike in the same year. Nike is a sportswear company. Jordan has his own clothes and shoes. They are called Air Jordan. Nike hopes that it will make 3 million dollars in four years. Then it makes 126 million dollars in one year. It is a big success . Jordan is the first sports player who works together with Nike. Now, it is normal. Many sports stars work together with companies. It brings them both a lot of money.	A pair of Michael Jordan´s sneakers sold for a record 1.47 million dollars. Jordan wore the Nike Air Ships sneakers in his fifth NBA game in his first season with the team the Chicago Bulls. The game took place on 1 November 1984, and the sneakers are the earliest pair that people know. Cards collector Nick Fiorela bought the sneakers at auction , and they were the first pair ever which sold for more than one million dollars. Jordan started to collaborate with company Nike in 1984, and he was the first sports player to do it. Jordan had his own line of shoes and clothes called Air Jordan which brought him and Nike millions of dollars.	A pair of Nike Air Ships worn by Michael Jordan sold for a record-breaking 1.47 million dollars. The shoes are the earliest known pair that were worn by Jordan as a professional during his fifth NBA game in his rookie season with the Chicago Bulls on November 1, 1984. Cards collector Nick Fiorela bought the shoes, and they set a new world record for the highest price achieved for a pair of sneakers at auction. In 1984, Nike gave Jordan his own line of shoes and clothes to convince him to sign with the sports company. After that the Air Jordan was born and both Jordan and Nike immediately hit the jackpot . By the end of year four, Nike hoped to make 3 million dollars in sales; however, they´d made 126 million dollars by the end of year one. It was the first time the brand did anything like that, and it paved the way for many player collaborations that we now see.
Researchers have a new way to film whales in Antarctica. They use suction cups to put digital tags on the whales’ backs. The digital tags have a camera. They also get information on the whales. The information tells us where the whales get their food. The researchers want to protect the whales. The cameras show us what the whales’ world looks like.	Scientists used a clever new filming technique to film whales in Antarctica: they attached cameras onto the whales´ bags. Using suction cups , they attached digital tags onto the whales’ backs, which also have sensors and a camera. The scientists hope that the tags will get information on the whales’ feeding areas to get them more protection, as well as give a short look into their world.	People can see minke and humpback whales in an amazing new way with an ingenious filming technique: researchers attached cameras onto the whales. By using suction cups , the researchers attached digital tags to the whales’ backs, and the digital tags have sensors and a camera. The researchers hope that the tags will bring information on the whales’ feeding areas in Antarctica and bring them more protection, as well as give a rare glimpse into their world.
Some people think that gossip is bad. But scientists say that it is good. We gossip to get important information. The gossip tells us who to trust . This helps us because we live in very big groups. Gossip also helps us to live longer. When we gossip, we bond with our family. We bond with our friends. If we bond, we can know more people. If we know a lot of people, we can live longer. People think gossip is bad now. But this idea is new. It used to be a good thing. It still is good!	You do not need to worry about gossiping anymore because gossiping helps make people human. When we gossip, we pass on important information about who we should trust within the large groups that we live in now. Also, we live longer because when we gossip, we bond with our family and friends. We build our social network when we bond and this helps us live longer than anything else! Gossip only became negative in modern times. Researchers asked people what they thought about gossip. People said that they didn’t trust people who gossiped too much or gossiped too little.	Those who feel a little guilty about gossiping may be pleased to know that academics have now said that it is actually what sets our species apart from animals. Gossip is what makes people human, because it allows us to pass on vital information on who to trust and who not to trust, as well as bond with family and friends. In evolutionary biology, scientists call the phenomenon gossip theory. The theory suggests that as language developed, it allowed early humans to pass on reliable information so that they could live in ever-increasing groups. Gossiping used to be simply what people did with their friends and was not used in a negative sense until the 18 th century. Scientists carried out experiments to find out what people thought about gossips, and the results were that while people distrust those who gossip too much, they were also wary of those who gossip too little. Professor Robin Dunbar at Oxford University even said that we should accept gossiping as a vital part of human life, which might even help us live longer. He said that the most important thing apart from not smoking that will prevent you from dying early is the size of your social network.
This story is about a man. He is from the USA. He is a university professor. He goes to Nepal. He climbs a mountain. The mountain is covered in ice. There is a hole in the ice. It is 22 metres deep. The man falls in it. He doesn’t go all the way down. He stops somewhere in the hole. He cannot move. His arm and five ribs are broken. He does not want to die. He climbs out of the hole. People find him the next day.	An American university professor was climbing in Nepal when he fell down a hole. The crack in the ice was 22 metres deep, and the man got trapped in it. The man thought that he was going to die. His arm and five ribs were broken, but he didn’t give up and he moved out of the gap. It took him six hours. He reached his tent in another three hours. Help came the next day.	John, who is an associate geography professor at Western Kentucky University, was climbing a mountain in Nepal as part of a research project and fell into a crevasse . He filmed his struggle inside the 22-metre hole, saying that he thought that he was going to die after breaking his arm and five ribs, but he managed to crawl out the gap. It took him six hours, using only an ice axe, and another three to reach his tent, where he spent the night before rescuers reached him the next day.
People organise a championship . It happens in Dubai. It is a parachuting championship. People jump off a plane. They do tricks in the air. Over 1,000 people do this. They are from different countries. Russia, France and China do very good in the championship. However, not everything goes well. Strong winds complicate the championship. This event happens every year. This year is the 5th championship. This year’s championship is the last one.	Contestants from around the world came to Dubai to take part in the 5th Dubai International Parachuting Championship. Over 1,000 people jumped out of a plane and performed midair acrobatics. Russia, France, and China were all successful in the championship. However, strong winds delayed the competition, and this year’s championship was the last one.	As if jumping out of a plane wasn’t scary enough, these guys have to go one better and do midair acrobatics. Rather you than me! But it’s not just for fun. This is the 5th Dubai International Parachuting Championship where contestants from around the world presented their sky-high skills. Over 1,000 of the world’s best daredevils took to the skies to compete the honor of the world’s best in class. Russia and France dominated in most competitions, despite strong winds putting delays to proceedings. But it was the Chinese team who won first place in the group “Fixed Point Landing Competition”. The annual championship began on November 26th and has now come to an end. Aw, and I was just about to enter too… Hm, maybe not.
The BMW Group celebrates its 100th anniversary . It shows people two cars, a Rolls-Royce and a MINI. These cars are the cars of the future. You cannot buy them now. You can buy them in 2040. The cars are electric. They have batteries. They are good for the planet. They are self-driving . You can just sit and relax. You tell the car where to go.	The BMW Group marked its centenary by looking ahead to its next 100 years. It unveiled two electric vision cars, a Rolls-Royce and a MINI, at an event in London. The Rolls-Royce will be able to drive itself and communicate with passengers. It will be emission free and available in 2040. MINI’s future car will also be self-driving. Carmakers are hoping for shorter charging times, more charging points, and greater ranges will make people buy the new clean cars.	The BMW Group has marked its centenary by looking ahead to its next 100 years, and unveiling two new vision vehicles. The German group unveiled its new Rolls-Royce at a centenary event in London. The car will be fully autonomous and comes complete with an artificial intelligence system called Eleanor, who speaks and takes commands from passengers. And in case you’re wondering how to get your hands on one, this beauty won’t be available until 2040, but it will be completely bespoke and emission free, paving the way for the first green luxury cars from the British brand. “We’re entering a phase now where zero emissions are going to be more the norm. We’re entering a phase where digitise or digitalisation and connectivity are part of everyday life. It’s likely in the big urban areas to be a shared environment, and this whole step in technology of autonomous driving is going to play a significant role, as well.” MINI’s vision of the future car was also unveiled. It too will drive autonomously, is highly personalised and recognises a driver. Carmakers are hoping shorter charge times, greater ranges , more charging points and the fallout from Volkswagen’s diesel emissions scandal will all help to convert customers from conventional cars to the newer models.
In Peru, storms are happening. The storms are affecting people and animals. Somehow, a dog is in the middle of a river. The water in the river is very high and muddy. The dog tries to get out. He swims to a bridge. He cannot climb the bridge. The water tosses him  about . People cannot reach him to help him. The dog finally swims to the river’s side. A man comes to the dog and pulls him out. Rescue workers come. They take the dog to a safe place. People name him after the river. They could also name him Lucky!	In Peru, there is harsh stormy weather. It is affecting people and animals. A dog somehow became  stranded on a rock in the middle of a large, muddy river. He jumped into the river and tried to climb the walls of a bridge, but the water tossed him about. People watched helplessly until the dog finally got on some stones at the river’s bank , and a taxi driver pulled the dog out of the river. Rescue workers took the dog to a nearby shelter and named him after the river, although Lucky would be a good name!	This little fella should be called “Lucky!” A leap of faith was what it took to survive. The dog was left stranded on a rock middle of the Chili River in Peru. The young pup tried to climb the steep walls of a bridge, but visibly dazed, confused and exhausted , fell back into the river. Onlookers helplessly watched as the dog was tossed about and carried downriver.  When the dog finally made it to a pile of stones on the bank, a local man stepped down to lift him away from any more pain. Taxi driver Jose Luis Coaguila said he could not stand by and watch the dog die. “It’s like a human being. No one would allow a dog to die.” Rescue workers took the dog to a nearby shelter where they named him Chili after the river. The harsh weather conditions in Peru have left at least 11 people dead and 588 houses have been destroyed this year alone. This is the most erratic change in sea levels in the region for 15 years.
In Rome, it is summertime. It is very hot. Zookeepers at a zoo want to help the animals cool down. They give them ice-cold treats . One animal eats ice with fruit inside. A tiger eats an ice lolly that tastes like meat. Zoo doctors say that the animals like the treats. The treats are also good for the animals’ health.	In Rome, the summer is hot. Zookeepers at a Rome zoo gave the animals ice-cold treats to help them cool down. One animal ate ice with fruit and a tiger ate a meat-flavoured ice lolly . Zoo veterinarians said that the animals like the treats, which are nutritional as well. The vets sometimes add vitamins, minerals , or other medicines to the treats.	At a Rome zoo, zookeepers gave the animals ice-cold treats to help them cope with the summer heat. They gave some Brazilian coati ice with fruit and a white tiger a meat-flavoured ice lolly. Zoo veterinarians said that the treats are fun for the animals and give them nutritional  boosts through extra vitamins, minerals or medicine added to the treats.
This news is from Spain. Five men rape a woman. She is 18 years old. This happens in 2016. Now police catch the men. They must go to prison for nine years. People do not like this. They want stricter punishment for the men. People protest in the streets. Around 35,000 people protest.	In a city in Spain, around 35,000 people took to the streets to protest the acquittal of five men accused of gang rape on Sunday. In 2016, men attacked an 18-year-old woman at the city’s famous San Fermín bull-running festival. Later, the men received sentences of nine years each in prison. The Spanish government reacted to the public outrage . It came up with a plan to discuss with people for possible legal reforms.	An estimated 35,000 people took to the streets of Pamplona, a provincial capital in Spain, to protest against the acquittal of five men accused of gang rape on Sunday. At the city’s famous San Fermín bull-running festival in 2016, the men attacked an 18-year-old woman. Later the men were convicted on a lesser felony of sexual abuse and sentenced to nine years each in prison. The Spanish government reacted to the public outrage and announced plans to convene discussions on possible legal reforms.
A man goes fishing. He is in the ocean in North Carolina. Rough weather comes. It keeps him from going home. He cannot use his radio. He has some food with him. He fishes to get more food. He eats raw fish. He collects rain water. He drinks the rain water. The Coast Guard finds him after 66 days! The Coast Guard takes him to hospital. His family is very happy that he is okay.	A man took his ship off the North Carolina coast to go fishing, but when rough weather prevented him from coming back, he had to survive out at sea. The weather also prevented him from using his communication electronics. He had some food on his ship but resorted  to using his fishing skills. He ate raw fish and drank the rain water that he collected. After around 66 days, the Coast Guard found him and took him to hospital. His family was overjoyed to see him again.	A dramatic end to a turbulent couple of months, winched to the safety of a hovering helicopter from a ship that had become disabled . Rough weather caused the master break and cut off the communication gear and electronics. So for 66 days, the crew member on board had to cope by himself. He had diverted the ship off the North Carolina coast to go fishing, and that’s when he faced problems. But it was his ability to fish that helped him survive the time before help arrived. Although there was some food on board, he had to eat raw fish he caught and the rain water that he collected. The Coast Guard has said he is now doing fine after being checked over in hospital. He’s feeling well and his family is naturally overjoyed to see him safe and on dry land for now.
People in India celebrate the Holi festival this week. Holi is a very old festival. People celebrate it at the end of winter and the start of spring. People celebrate love. Holi lasts one night and one day. It happens on the full moon night in March. The date is different every year. People celebrate in the streets. They throw colored sand at each other. Then, people bathe and dress in nice clothes. They visit families and friends in the evening. They give each other sweets. This year is different. Many people stay at home. The coronavirus is in India. The situation is getting worse. More than 60,000 people get sick every day. Almost 162,000 people die from COVID-19 since spring last year.	People in India celebrated the ancient Holi festival this week. Holi is a popular festival when people celebrate spring, love, and friendship . Holi lasts one night and day and it takes place in March. The date changes every year because it takes place on the full moon. Millions of people throw colored powder at each other and they celebrate in the streets. In the evening, they dress up and visit relatives and friends, and they give each other sweets. This year´s festival was different. The government asked people to stay at home because the number of COVID-19 cases started to grow again. In the past week, there were more than 60,000 new cases every day. Almost 162,000 people died from COVID-19 since spring last year.	Holi is a popular ancient Hindu festival, also known as the Festival of Colors and it celebrates the arrival of spring, the end of winter, and the blossoming of love. For many people, it´s a festive day to meet others, play and laugh, forget and forgive, and repair broken relationships. Holi lasts for a night and a day, starting on the evening of the full moon falling in the Hindu calendar month of Phalguna, which falls around the middle of March. Normally, millions of people throw colored powder at each other at outdoor celebrations. After a day of play with colors, people clean up, sober up , and dress up in the evening and they greet friends and relatives by visiting them and exchanging sweets. However, for the second consecutive year, citizens were encouraged to stay at home amid an alarming surge of COVID-19 cases. India´s confirmed infections exceeded 60,000 daily over the past week, and the virus has so far claimed nearly 162,000 lives in the country.
In Florida, a man steals a tractor. He drives it down the road. He drives erratically . Police see his driving. They drive behind him. Then, the police ask the man to stop. At first, he does as they tell him. Then he becomes violent . He starts running away. One policeman uses a taser . It hits the man. It makes him fall down. The policeman arrests him. Then he takes him to hospital.	In Florida, a man stole a tractor and was driving it down the road. Police started to follow him because he was driving erratically . The police asked the man to pull over. At first, he complied when the police wanted to search him, but then he became violent and began to run away. The policeman used a taser to stop him. Then he arrested him and took him to hospital.	In Florida, a 28-year old man stole a tractor and was driving it down the road when he noticed that police were pursuing him because of his erratic driving. At first, he complied with a search by the police, but then he became violent and tried to escape by running away. The policeman used a taser to stop him, arrested him, and took him to hospital.
Richard Browning starts a business in 2017. He makes jet suits. A jet suit is a special equipment that a person wears. It can help him move above the ground. Browning makes a team with British mountain rescuers. They want to make a jet suit for paramedics. Paramedics help people in emergency situations. They are not doctors. However, they do medical work. They save people´s lives. People have accidents in the mountains. It is important to get to them quickly. The team does a test in the mountains. They choose a place. They pretend that an accident happens there. It takes 25 minutes to walk to this place. Browning uses the jet suit. He gets to the place in 90 seconds.	In 2017, Richard Browning started a company that made jet suits . Since that time, he has flown over 100 flights across 30 countries with the suit. Browning teamed up with a mountain rescue service in Britain, and they tested the suit for paramedics . Paramedics save people´s lives, and in the mountains, it can take a long time to get to an injured person. The test took place in the Lake District, which is a mountainous region in northwest England. It is famous for its lakes, forests, and mountains, and many people visit it every year. The team chose a place of a simulated accident. It would take at least 25 minutes to walk there; however, Browning got there in 90 seconds. Browning hopes that the team will make the world´s first jet suit for paramedics.	A mountain ambulance service in England is testing an ´Iron Man´ jet suit for its paramedics . The Great North Air Ambulance Service teamed up with the jet suit makers, Gravity Industries, and they are hoping to use the suit in the vast Lake District National Park to make it easier and faster to reach walkers in distress . Test pilot Richard Browning flew from the bottom of a valley to a simulated casualty site. While completing the journey on foot would have taken 25 minutes, Gravity Industries said that it took Browning just 90 seconds. Browning launched the company in 2017, and he has flown over 100 flights across 30 countries since that time. He hopes that the collaboration will lead to the world´s first jet suit paramedic.
A famous painting goes up on auction . It is a portrait by Picasso. The auction is in London. The portrait can cost around $50 million. The painting is special. It is a portrait of Marie-Thérèse Walter. There is more to the painting. There is a reference to another woman and other paintings.	A famous Picasso portrait went up on auction in London, and it could sell for around $50 million. The painting is special because it is multi-faceted , as it is a portrait of Marie-Thérèse Walter, and there is also a reference to the ‘Weeping Woman’, which is another painting. In the silhouette , there is a reference to Dora Maar who was Picasso’s muse and lover. Maar replaced Marie-Thérèse and was Picasso’s primary muse by 1938.	One of Picasso’s famous portraits went up on auction in London, and people expect it to sell for around 50 million dollars. James Mackie, the senior director at the auction house, explained that the painting is a multi-faceted one. On first appearance, it is a beautifully executed portrait of Marie-Thérèse Walter, but there is also a reference to the ‘Weeping Woman’, one of the key motifs of ‘Guernica’, arguably Picasso’s greatest masterpiece and one of the greatest paintings of the 20th century. In the silhouette , there is also a reference to Dora Maar who was Picasso’s muse and lover and who eventually supplanted Marie-Thérèse. By 1938, she was the artist’s primary muse.
The US Navy finds a ship in the Arabian Sea. The ship is full of guns. Thousands of guns are inside green plastic bags. Officials do not know where the ship is coming from. They do not know where it is going. The US Navy finds similar guns on different ships in the past. These guns are for rebels in Yemen. Officials say that the ship is coming from Iran. It is a problem. Iran must not sell guns to Yemen. A war starts in Yemen in 2014. The situation is very bad. Millions of people are starving . The US and other countries want to help. It seems that the war will last for a long time.	The US Navy met a ship in the Arabian Sea and the ship was full of guns. There were thousands of weapons which were inside green plastic bags. At first, it was not clear who the guns were for and where the ship was going. In the past, the US Navy found similar guns on different ships, and these guns were for Houthi rebels in Yemen. Officials found out that the ship was coming from Iran, and it was a big problem because the US banned Iran to sell guns. In 2014, war started in Yemen, and people brought many guns to the country illegally . The US and other countries tried to stop the war, but it was clear that the war would not end soon.	The US Navy has seized a massive arms shipment aboard a dhow in the Arabian Sea. Thousands of assault weapons, machine guns and sniper rifles were hidden on the vessel. The US Navy didn´t identify where the weapons originated, nor where they were going. However, the weapons resembled those of other shipments intended for Yemen´s Houthi rebels. An initial investigation suggested that the ship came from Iran, despite a US arms embargo . Yemen is awash with weapons that have been smuggled into poorly controlled ports since the start of its civil war in 2014. The shipment comes as the US and other countries try to end a conflict that led to one of the world´s worst humanitarian disasters. The arms shipment shows that the war may still have far to run.
Afghanistan is a poor country. Many other countries send help to Afghanistan. Everything changes last year. Now, the Taliban controls the country. The situation in Afghanistan gets worse. Help from other countries does not come anymore. More than half of the people in Afghanistan do not have enough food. 3.2 million of children have bad problems. They do not get good food. They are sick and weak . Some parents sell their children. One man sells his daughter to another man. They get married. The girl is 10 years old. Her father sells her for 200 to 300 dollars. He buys food for the rest of his family. The man sells his second daughter. She is 7 years old. The man needs money for medicine for his sick wife. Parents usually sell girls. Older men buy them. The girls leave the families when they are older.	For many years, Afghanistan depended on international help, but when the Taliban came to power last year, several countries stopped sending help. According to experts, more than half of Afghan people do not have enough food, and around 3.2 million children under 5 are facing malnutrition. Malnutrition means they do not get enough food, and it makes them weak and sick because they need vitamins and minerals from the food. Some families are so poor that they cannot buy food, so parents started to sell their own children. One father sold one of his daughters because he needed money to buy food. Now, he is selling another daughter, who is 7 years old. He hopes to get 200 to 300 dollars for her, which will be enough money for food and for medicine for his sick wife. Another man sold his 10-year-old daughter to a man who gave him a lot of food. When the girl´s mother asked him where he got the money to buy food, he said that he sold his own daughter.	Food shortages are ravaging Afghanistan and forcing parents to sell their children, mainly daughters, in order to feed the rest of their family. 10-year-old Aziz Gul, who was sold into marriage, said that her family had nothing to eat at home. Aziz´s husband brought food that he bought for money that he himself earned by selling his own daughter into marriage. A father of another girl, 7-year-old Hoshran, is going to sell her because of lack of money to get food for his family and medicine for his sick wife. He already sold one of his daughters to get medicine, and now, he’s looking to sell Hoshran for 200 to 300 dollars. The family, who bought Hoshran, are waiting until she is older. Afghanistan’s economy was dependent on help, and it took a hit when the international community froze its assets and stopped funding after the Taliban took over. An estimated 3.2 million children under 5 are seriously sick from lack of food. According to experts, the situation in the country is worsening, and more than half the population has food shortages.
People make a lot of litter . Plastics can be a problem. The Galapagos Islands are in the Pacific Ocean. Plastics from South America and the Pacific are littering the islands. The Galapagos Islands are home to hundreds of endemic species . People must do something about the litter.	The world’s throwaway culture is slowly turning the Galapagos Islands into a plastic wasteland. Plastics from South America and the Pacific Ocean are littering the beaches there.  Plastic bottles are the most common, and local experts are currently looking into the effects that the plastics have on plants and animals. The islands are home to hundreds of endemic species . Hopefully, people will take action to save the Galapagos.	The world’s throwaway culture is slowly turning the Galapagos Islands into a plastic wasteland, as plastics from South America and the Pacific are littering the beaches of the archipelago with plastic bottles being the most common item. Local experts are currently looking into the effects that the plastics have on marine life. The islands are full of endemic species and people will not hopefully allow the place to be littered with waste.
In Cambodia, there are bamboo trains. They are famous. They may come to an end. Cambodia plans to bring back the train lines. The bamboo trains are homemade. People call them ‘norries’. They are powered by motorcycle engines . They can carry up to 15 people. Around 40 people work at the bamboo tracks. Without the tracks, they have no jobs. They are asking the government for help.	Cambodia plans to restore its train lines, which could mean the end of the famous bamboo trains. The homemade trains, known as ‘norries’, are powered by small motorcycle engines. They can carry as many as 15 people. There are 40 norry drivers who have been working at the tracks for 20 years. With the tracks gone, they do not know how they will eat or care for their families. They are appealing to the government to find another place to run the norries. The government says that it may relocate the railway to a nearby district .	Cambodia’s famous bamboo trains around Battambang could be about to grind to a halt as plans to restore the country’s train lines progress. The homemade trains, known as ‘norries’, are powered by small motorcycle engines and can carry as many as 15 people. One driver said that he and 40 others had been working at the tracks for 20 years, and they do not know how they will eat or care for their families. They are appealing to the government to ‘please find another place to run the norries’. The government has said that it may relocate the railway to the nearby Banan district .
A British astronaut is in space. He is in the ISS. The ISS flies over North Africa, Turkey and Russia. The astronaut films a video. The video shows lightning on Earth. The video is interesting. Light moves at 300,000 kilometres per second. When a lightning strikes , you see it. However, sound moves slower. You hear the thunder after you see the lightning. You can tell how far the lightning is from you. If you hear the thunder 15 seconds after you see the lightning, the lightning is 4.8 kilometres away.	A British astronaut filmed lightning on Earth from the International Space Station. The video is pretty cool. At the time of the video, the ISS was flying from North Africa over Turkey and towards Russia. Light travels at 300,000 kilometres per second. This means that lightning is visible when it strikes . However, sound travels much slower. If you hear the thunder 15 seconds after you see the lightning, the lightning is around 4.8 kilometres away. The astronaut has 400,000 followers on Twitter. Last week, he also tweeted a picture of the waxing moon.	A light show like no other – this is lightning  striking Earth from space. The dazzling  footage was captured by British astronaut Tim Peake who tweeted the time-lapse video taken from the International Space Station as they flew from North Africa over Turkey and towards Russia. Light travels at 186,000 miles per second (299,338 kilometres per second) meaning lightning is visible when it strikes. It’s normally followed by thunder with the time between the two varying , but if 15 seconds passes before thunder rumbles, then lightning’s around three miles away (4.8 kilometres). Forty-three-year-old Peak, who’s a former army major, blasted off to the ISS as part of a six-month mission for the European Space Agency in December and recently became the first astronaut representing Britain to carry out a space walk. This isn’t the first time we’ve heard from Tim Peake as he soars around our planet; last night, he tweeted a picture of the waxing moon to his over 400,000 followers. And for him, this is just another truly out of this world experience.
Some people are criticising website like Twitter and Facebook. The people do not like that nothing happens when famous people say something hateful on these websites. Twitter plans to flag hateful Tweets. It does not want to delete these Tweets. It wants to put a comment on them. These comments can tell people why the Tweet has a flag. Facebook is changing, too. It wants to stop comments from white supremacists . Facebook wants to do this in this month.	People say that Twitter and other social media do nothing when famous people say something hateful online. Twitter wants to flag hate speech instead of deleting it, and it is thinking how to do this. For example, Twitter can comment on the Tweet. The commentary would explain how the Tweet does not follow Twitter’s rules. Facebook says that it will ban hate speech from white supremacists early this month.	People are unhappy with how Twitter and other social media companies do nothing when famous people post hate speech online. Twitter is trying to figure how to flag those tweets instead of deleting them so that people will still know about them. Twitter might use an annotation with an explanation to show that the tweet did not follow Twitter’s rules. Facebook says that it will ban hate speech from white supremacists early this month.
Here is news from a centre in China. This centre studies and helps pandas. A keeper is leaving an enclosure . There are two pandas inside it. The keeper is closing the gate when one panda holds his leg. The panda is small and beautiful. A camera films the moment. There are around 1,600 pandas in the wild . Around 370 pandas live at zoos and other centres.	The following happened at a research centre in China. A keeper was leaving an enclosure with two pandas inside. Just as he tried to close the gate, one cute little panda took his leg and did not let go. A camera filmed the moment. There are more than 1,600 wild pandas in the world and another 370 pandas at zoos and other centres. The centre in China tries to protect these endangered species .	A zoo keeper in China has made a new friend after a giant panda cub  refused to let go of his leg. The adorable moment was caught on the Chinese research centre’s CCTV on August 12 th . Just as the keeper is about to close the gate at the enclosure in southwest China, the cute little cub grabbed onto his leg. The Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding has the mission of continuing research and conservation efforts to protect the endangered species. Globally, there are more than 370 pandas which have been bred in captivity , while an estimated 1,600 pandas remain in the wild.
Hong Kong is a very busy city. It is a city that “never sleeps”. However, sleep is important. People must sleep. Hong Kong opens nap lounges . There are hammocks in the nap lounges. You can come to a nap lounge when you want. You can have a nap there. It is only $1.30 for an hour. People like the nap lounges. Nap lounges may become good business.	People say that our generation does not get enough sleep. In Hong Kong, it is often hard to find a place to sleep. It is a city that never sleeps. Some Hong Kong businesses have a solution . They open nap  lounges . A nap lounge is a place where you can come in the middle of the day to relax, and it is only $1.30 an hour. There are hammocks for you to sleep in. People like the nap lounges, but we will see if the business will be successful.	It’s said that we’re a sleep- deprived generation. And some Hong Kong businesses have come up with an idea to counter this problem: nap lounges. Swinging merrily in cocoon -like hammocks , these young professionals have taken a step back from the stresses of working life to have a breather and catch up on some sleep. Living in a city that never sleeps doesn’t mean that you can’t. Hong Kong is pricey, cramped and crowded – finding a tranquil space is hard come by, at any hour, and especially by the hour. And costing just $1.30 for an hour of shut eye and some peace in the midst of a hectic day has got the city’s residents excited. “It’s something very new to me. And the experience is fascinating. I mean I haven’t experienced this kind of lifestyle before. So all in all, I enjoyed it.” Whilst people may be latching  on to the concept of a nap lounge, their viability and longevity is less certain. Only time will tell if these businesses will see their dreams fulfilled or have their plans hit the snooze button .
NASA films hurricanes Jose and Irma. They film the hurricanes from the International Space Station. Irma’s winds are travelling at 257 kilometres per hour. Irma destroys the Caribbean. It passes over Cuba now. It will hit Florida next. Jose is the second hurricane. It follows the same path as Irma.	NASA released images of hurricanes Jose and Irma. NASA captured them from the International Space Station. In the images, Irma’s winds are travelling at 257 kilometres per hour. The storm is passing over Cuba, and it has already devastated much of the Caribbean. People expect it to hit Florida next. Jose is a category 4 hurricane , which is following a similar path to Irma. This complicates relief efforts .	NASA released images captured from the International Space Station of hurricanes Jose and Irma. Irma’s winds are travelling at 257 kilometres per hour in the images, as the storm passes over Cuba. It has already devastated much of the Caribbean and people expected to hit Florida next. Jose is a category 4  hurricane , which is following a similar path to Irma, and is hampering  relief efforts in badly affected areas.
Barbara Bush is the First Lady to President George H. W. Bush. She is also the mother of US President George W. Bush. She is the only woman to see her husband and her son become US presidents. Barbara works during her husband’s presidency . She meets world leaders. She fights for rights for all people. She fights to help people learn to read and write. She helps the poor. She also shocks people. She says that one day maybe a woman can be president. In Houston, Texas, Barbara Bush dies at the age of 92.	In Houston, Texas, Barbara Bush died at the age of 92; she was a First Lady to President George H. W. Bush and the mother of US president George W. Bush. She was the only woman to see both her husband and son become US presidents. Barbara supported her husband’s presidency, met world leaders, and fought for civil rights , literacy , and helping the poor. She also shocked people when she said that one day maybe a woman would be president instead of her husband.	In Houston, Texas, Barbara Bush, the former First Lady of US President George H. W. Bush, died at the age of 92. She is one of two women whose husband and son were presidents in the USA, but the only woman to see both sworn in as president. Barbara supported her husband George’s presidency and went around the world to meet political leaders. She also was a champion for the civil rights movement and education and founded the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy to help children in poor communities to learn to read and write. She also started a debate for female equality when she spoke at a female university and said that maybe one day a woman would be president and a man would be the spouse .
The Ever Given is a very big ship. It weighs 224,000 tons. It is 400 meters long. The ship travels from Malaysia to the Netherlands last week. The ship sails through the Suez Canal . Then a storm comes. The wind is very strong. The wind brings sand. The captain of the ship cannot navigate . The ship blocks the canal. Other ships try to move it away. It is not possible. The ship is too heavy. More than 150 other ships wait. They cannot sail through the canal. Workers must move the ship. It can take weeks. One day of waiting costs the business almost 10 billion dollars.	The Ever Given is one of the largest container ships in the world. It weighs 224,000 tons and it is 400 meters long. It was built in 2018 and it is sailing under the flag of Panama. Last week, the ship was traveling from Malaysia to the Netherlands, but there were strong winds and a sandstorm in the Suez Canal. The captain could not see well and the ship blocked the canal. Workers tried to move the ship, but they were not successful. More than 150 ships waited in the sea because they could not pass through the canal. It was a big problem because these ships carried things and petrol or gas from Asia to Europe. One day of waiting could cost almost 10 billion dollars, and officials said that it could take weeks to move the ship.	Last week, the Ever Given, a Panama-flagged 224,000-ton ship that carried cargo between Asia and Europe, wedged across Egypt´s Suez Canal. According to reports, the container vessel ran into trouble when it was overcome by strong winds and a sandstorm that caused low visibility and poor navigation. Efforts to move the skyscraper-sized ship aside using dredgers , digging, and the aid of high tides continued for several days. At least 150 other vessels needing to pass through the crucial waterway idled , waiting for the obstruction to clear. It´s estimated that the blockage could cost global trade almost 10 billion dollars a day. According to officials, dislodging the vessel could take days to weeks because it was impossible to free the ship with its current cargo on board.
People use sunscreens to protect their skin from the sun. There is a new study. It says that some chemicals in sunscreens get into people´s blood. Scientists test four different sunscreens and six chemicals. They find that all six chemicals get into the body. They do not know what these chemicals do to people. It is worrying. Scientists must do more research to understand how chemicals get into the body. Some chemicals in sunscreens can be dangerous. However, scientists say that the health benefits of sunscreens are bigger than the risks. Officials must control sunscreens more and check the chemicals in them.	Scientists tested four sunscreen products and their ingredients . Participants of the study applied sunscreen on their bodies for four days. Scientists found out that six chemicals got into the participants´ blood, and they stayed there for several days. The amount of these chemicals were higher than the safe limits; however, it is important to use sunscreens. They have health benefits because they protect the skin from dangerous sunburns. Scientists must do more research to understand how chemicals get into the body and what effects they can have. It is necessary to make rules for sunscreen products and to check the safety of the chemicals that they contain.	A study has found that several sunscreen chemicals are absorbed into the bloodstream even after a single use. Researchers tested the absorption of six active ingredients found in four commercially available sunscreen products. Participants applied sunscreen to 75% of their bodies over four days, and scientists found that all six ingredients were absorbed into the bloodstream, and they remained in participants´ bodies for days. They also found that the concentration levels exceeded safety limits. Despite these findings, scientists still recommend to continue to use sunscreens for their recognized public health benefits. Experts say that more research is needed to understand the chemicals´ absorption into the body and what effects that absorption may have.
A 24-year-old student drives to the Grand Canyon. This is in the desert in Arizona, USA. She runs out of petrol. She cannot leave. She is there alone for five days. She has no mobile phone signal. She cannot call for help. She spells out ‘HELP’ with rocks. In the end, a helicopter sees her. She says that other helicopters fly by her. None of them stop. Only this one stops. She says that she cries when this helicopter lands by her. A paramedic comes up to her. He asks her if she needs help.	After she ran out of petrol, a 24-year-old student survived alone at the Grand Canyon for five days. As she had no mobile phone signal, she used rocks to spell out ‘HELP’. Eventually, a paramedic in a helicopter saw her. Other helicopters flew by when she was at the Grand Canyon, but they did not see her. When this helicopter came to land near her, she started to cry. The paramedic came up to her and asked her if she needed help.	After she ran out of petrol, Amber VanHecke survived alone at the Grand Canyon for five days. The 24-year-old had no mobile phone signal, so she used rocks to spell out ‘HELP’, which a person in a paramedic helicopter eventually spotted. That helicopter took her home. Over the five days, she said that other helicopters had flown by but had not seen her. When this helicopter came to land, she started to cry. The paramedic in the helicopter came out and asked her if she had called for help.
This news is about a koala. It lives in Australia. It walks across a highway. It stops the traffic. A policeman guides it to safety. People watch the koala. They like watching it. They film it, too. The koala climbs up a tree. When it is safe, the policeman leaves. Koalas are cute , but do not pick them up. They can have sharp claws .	A koala walked across a highway in Australia where it stopped busy traffic. A policeman guided the little animal to safety. People looked on with amusement and filmed the animal. The police officer stayed close to the koala until it climbed up a tree. Koalas look really sweet, but experts say that koalas should not be picked up because of their sharp claws .	Police had to escort a koala to safety from a busy Australian highway. The native marsupial had wandered onto the road where it stopped the busy traffic. A video posted to Facebook shows cars stopped on the roadway while a policeman shepherds the animal to safety. The koala ambled and hopped casually along the highway before eventually taking refuge in greenery next to the road, all to the amusement of motorists. The officer stayed close to the koala until it climbed a tree to safety. Koalas look cute but experts say that they should not be picked up because they have sharp claws .
There is a special bus stop in London. It has a screen . It shows people shocking things. The screen shows big robots, a tiger and an invasion from space. People are shocked to see these things. Their reactions are filmed. It is funny.	Somebody installed a special screen at a London bus stop. The screen uses a special type of technology to shock people. It has a camera so it shows what’s behind it, but a little differently. It adds videos of an alien invasion, giant robots or a tiger on the run. It was a little scary for some people, and their reactions were incredible . They were caught on camera.	People waiting at a busy central London bus stop got the shock of their lives when they were suddenly faced with an alien invasion, giant robots, or a Bengal tiger on the run. Augmented  reality technology gave the illusion of the bus stop advertising board being see-through, allowing unexpected anything to be projected over the real imagery. A camera caught the reactions of the people as part of an advertising campaign.
Lawmakers agree that Britain is going to leave the EU on January 31. This is part of the Brexit deal. They approve this last year. There is more discussion in the UK government. However, it is clear that Brexit happens soon. After January 31, a special time starts. The UK must change its business. Until December 31, the UK must follow the EU trade rules. After this time, the UK starts free trade . The UK wants to do business with the EU without limits . The EU officials say that this is not possible. They say that some things must change. They say that the UK needs more time for the change. The British Prime Minister says that the UK does not need more time. He wants the UK to become free soon.	On Thursday, lawmakers agreed that Britain will leave the EU on January 31 under a Brexit deal which they approved last year. Now, they are passing the laws to the Parliament´s upper chamber for more discussion and they expect that Brexit becomes law very soon. After January 31, the UK starts a special time during which a lot of things must change. The UK must follow EU trade rules until December 31, but after this time, it will start a free trade deal. The President of the European Commission said that the partnership between the UK and the EU cannot be the same and that it is not possible to reach a deal until the end of this year. However, the British Prime Minister said that the UK does not need more time and that it must become free soon.	On Thursday, lawmakers approved legislation that will let Britain leave the EU on January 31 under a Brexit deal agreed to last year. Lawmakers voted 330 to 231 to approve the European Union Bill, and the legislation is now heading to the Parliament´s upper chamber for debate. The Brexit bill is expected to become law in coming weeks. After January 31, the UK will enter a transition period where it will still have to follow EU trade rules until December 31. Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, wants to start a free trade deal then. Brussels is worried that the deadline is not enough, and it has offered to give the UK an extension . However, Johnson said that the UK does not need more time, and it has to break free from EU rules as soon as possible.
Snow leopards don’t visit residential areas . However, one snow leopard goes into a mine . It looks for food. This happens in China. People find the animal. It is in a tank . The tank is full of water. The leopard has problems in the water. People have a fishing net. They save the leopard.	Wild snow leopards rarely appear at human residential areas. However, one snow leopard got into a coal mine in China. It was looking for food. Chinese guards discovered the animal. It struggled in the water inside of a drainage tank . People pulled the leopard out of the water. They used a fishing net.	Chinese frontier guards have saved an injured snow leopard that was trapped in a coal mine. Upon finding the leopard stuck in a drainage tank , the guards sought help from their nearby animal  husbandry department. With joint efforts, rescuers pulled the leopard out of the water using a fishing net. One of the guards described how they found the animal struggling in the water and described the brigade ’s shock when they discovered it was a leopard. According to experts, wild snow leopards rarely appear at human residential areas, and it’s thought the animal may have wandered into the coal mine for food.
Scotland has a referendum on its independence . Many people come to a square in Glasgow. These people want Scotland to be independent . The Glasgow region votes ‘yes’, and the people are happy. The people at the square hope that everyone will say ‘yes’. However, most people in Scotland say ‘no’. Most people want Scotland to stay a part of the United Kingdom. The people at the square get angry. They start to break things. Police arrest six people.	The people of Scotland voted in a referendum on its independence . Many went to a square in Glasgow during the referendum. The people were in a great mood in the early hours of Friday because the Glasgow region voted ‘yes’. Later, the atmosphere became worse, as it started to be clear that most Scots voted ‘no’. Some people became angry and violent , and police arrested six people. The voting defeated the people at the square, but they were still proud to be Scottish.	Six people have been arrested in Glasgow after rival referendum campaign supporters clashed in George Square. In the early hours of Friday, the mood was jubilant , as ‘yes’ campaign supporters waited to hear the fate of a nation. They celebrated when Glasgow’s region voted ‘yes’ on Scottish independence, savouring the momentum gifted by Scotland’s largest city. They even found a mattress. Later, that atmosphere was dampened as victory for the ‘no’ campaign transitioned from possibility to mathematical certainty. That evening tempers  flared leading to the arrest but for the time being , though they stood defeated, the people in George Square were at least proud to be Scottish.
Fishermen catch tuna fish in the Mediterranean Sea. Tuna are big fish. Then they find something different in their nets . They catch a very big sunfish. Sunfish usually go through this area. Fishermen see them often. They never see a sunfish so big. It is 3.2 meters long, it is 2.9 meters wide. It weighs nearly 2,000 kilograms. Scientists come to look at it. They are very surprised. They only read about sunfish so big in books. People in Europe do not eat sunfish. They protect them. Scientists release this sunfish back into the sea.	Fishermen in the Mediterranean Sea found a huge sunfish in their fishing nets. They were very surprised by how big the fish was, so they called scientists. The fish was 3.2 meters long, 2.9 meters wide, and it weighed nearly 2,000 kilograms. It was the biggest sunfish people saw in Ceuta, on the north coast of Africa. People see sunfish here very often because the fish travel through this area. Nobody expected to see a sunfish this big. Sunfish is vulnerable in Europe, and vulnerable means that people must protect it, and they do not eat it. After scientists checked the fish, they released it back into the sea.	According to experts, a gigantic sunfish found in tuna fishing nets in the Mediterranean Sea could weigh up to 2,000 kilograms. Scientists measured the fish at 3.2 meters long and 2.9 meters wide, a record find for Ceuta, a Spanish independent city on the north coast of Africa. When scientists weighed the sunfish, it almost broke the 100-kilogram scale. Marine biologist Enrique Ostale said that he had only read of sunfish this size in books. Due to tides and sunfish migratory patterns, the area has many encounters ; however, scientists didn´t know they would see and touch a sunfish of such size. The gigantic sunfish is classed as vulnerable and not eaten in Europe. It was released safely back into the sea.
A powerful  earthquake  strikes Mexico City. At least 245 people die. Some of them are children. People are trying to help each other. There are many operations in the city. People are trying to save children from a broken school.	At least 245 people, including 21 children, died in an earthquake in Mexico City last week. The powerful quake struck during an earthquake drill . It struck also exactly 32 years after an earthquake that killed thousands in Mexico City, as well. There are many rescue operations going day and night right now across the city. In one operation, people are pulling children from the rubble of their school.	At least 245 people, including 21 children, are confirmed to be dead following last week’s earthquake in Mexico City. The 7.1-magnitude quake incidentally struck during an earthquake drill and exactly 32 years after another earthquake that killed thousands in Mexico City. Many rescue operations have been going day and night across the city, including one in which people are pulling children from school rubble .
Timus Murtazin comes from Russia. He loves Lego. He opens a Lego museum near Moscow. Murtazin starts building Lego when he is 6 years old. He never stops. He builds a Lego city. The city has 55 square meters. People can see it in the museum. The city is very big. There are houses, streets, and stores. There are some unusual things, too. There is a fire station, a roller coaster , and a train. The train goes around the city. Asya Borisova is Murtazin´s wife. She does not like Lego in the past. Murtazin shows her that Lego is not only for children. Adults can build with it, too. Lego will celebrate its 90 th birthday next year. The company wants to open 120 new stores worldwide .	Timus Murtazin founded a Lego museum near Moscow, Russia. Murtazin started building Lego when he was 6 years old, and it became a life-long hobby for him. In the museum, visitors can see a 55-square-meter Lego city which Murtazin built himself. There are houses, stores, a fire station, a train, and even a roller coaster . Murtazin had only one rule. When he built something, he never took it apart or made any changes to it. His wife was not interested in Lego when the couple met, and she thought that Lego was for children only. Murtazin showed her that adults can enjoy building with Lego, too. The company Lego will celebrate its 90 th birthday next year. 2003 and 2004 were very hard years for Lego, and the company lost a lot of money. In 2020, Lego´s sales went up by 20%, and the company wants to open 120 new stores worldwide.	A 55-square-meter Lego city is on display in Zvenigorod on the outskirts of Moscow, Russia. Also, on display are original sets including packaging from the 60s and 70s, not to mention creations of Rome´s Colosseum, the Taj Mahal, and Yoda. Timus Murtazin, the founder of Lego museum Let´s Go, started building some of the pieces at 6 years old, and it has been a life-long passion for him. Murtazin has built a bustling metropolis complete with a fire station, a roller coaster, and its own train. He had a rule to assemble it once and to never disassemble nor modify any part of it. Asya Borisova, Murtazin´s wife, said that she hadn´t been a particular fan of Lego when she met Murtazin. However, the man showed her that Lego can be interesting not only for children, but also for adults. She became interested in studying the history of the company, and she started to love Lego. In 2022, Lego celebrates its 90 th birthday, and during its history, it´s seen good times and bad, too. In 2003 and 2004, the company saw heavy financial losses; however, recruiting life-long fans to help create products helped make money, and in 2020, Lego reported a sales increase of over 20%, and the company hopes to open 120 new stores worldwide.
Koalas eat the leaves of gum trees. In one state in Australia, there are too many koalas. They eat all the leaves and destroy the trees. Then they have nothing to eat. People catch the koalas. They move them to other forests . They do not let the females have babies. In some years, the trees can get better.	In the Victoria State in Australia, there were too many koalas. This was a problem because the koalas ate all of the trees and then they had nothing to eat. Last year, people moved 500 koalas, and they want to keep their numbers down. They gave the females contraceptive implants and moved them to other forests. However, it will be some years before the destroyed gum trees grow back.	In recent years, Australia’s south west state of Victoria saw a rapid increase of koalas, meaning that the animals have been literally eating themselves out of house and home  by destroying gum trees. Their binging and booming population eventually caused them to starve. Environmentalists have moved 500 koalas over the past year, and their objective now is to control them and keep their numbers down. They gave the females contraceptive implants and then released them into other forests. However, it will be some years before the gum trees in their old patch grow back.
Many religions say that life on Earth is special. God makes it. What happens if people find life on other planets?Some religions say that God makes many worlds. Life can be on other planets, too. For example, Mormonism or Islam believe this. Christians believe that Earth is in the middle of the universe . The Bible is the most important book for Christians. The Bible does not say anything about life on other planets. It does not say that it is not possible. Scientists believe that we will meet aliens soon. It will not be a problem for religions. Many people believe that God makes aliens, too.	Many religions see life on Earth as something special. So what happens if people discover life on other planets? Some religions believe in life on other planets, for example Mormonism and Islam. In the 12 th century, an Islamic theologian wrote that God could create thousands of worlds. Christians believed that Earth and people were the center of the universe. Today, they say that the Bible does not say anything about life on other planets, but it does not it is impossible , either. It seems that if people discover life on other planets, many people will believe that God created that life, too.	There´s been a lot of discussion about extraterrestrial life lately, and how it would impact the world´s major religions, especially those who view intelligent life as a special and unique creation from a higher being. There are some religions like Mormonism that believe in extraterrestrial life, so they wouldn´t be surprised. The notion of cosmic  pluralism or other worlds which may contain intelligent life has been around for centuries, for example, 12 th century Islamic theologian wrote that the Most High had the power to create a thousand-world world. However, throughout history, many early Christians believed that Earth was the center of the universe, and so were human beings. Nowadays, Christians say that the Bible doesn´t tell that there´s intelligent life on other planets; however, it doesn´t exclude the possibility. If there´s life on other planets, then God created that life. The discovery of fellow intelligent creatures elsewhere in the universe would deepen and broaden our appreciation of the mysteries of the Creator and His creations, whoever that is you might believe in.
In North Carolina, USA, it gets cold. The sea even gets cold. This is a problem for turtles. They get cold-stunned . People find the turtles. They help them. They take them to a rehabilitation facility . When the turtles are better, people move them on a boat. They take them to warmer waters. People let the turtles go back to the sea. Turtles cannot control their body temperatures. They are reptiles. Reptiles are animals like snakes. Snakes cannot control their body temperatures either .	In North Carolina, a cold snap sent temperatures below freezing in parts of the state. People found over a hundred cold-stunned green sea turtles. People took the turtles to a rehabilitation facility . After the turtles got better, they took the turtles to warmer waters and released them back to the sea. Turtles and other animals, like snakes, are reptiles. These are animals which cannot control their body temperatures. Turtles get cold-stunned when water temperatures drop below 10° Celsius.	People released more than 130 sea turtles into the Gulf Stream , off the North Carolina coast, after they recovered from cold stunning , or hypothermia , brought on by a drastic drop in water temperature. The US Coast Guard helped the North Carolina Wildlife Resources Commission to launch the rescue operation after a cold snap in North Carolina sent temperatures below freezing in parts of the state. Over a hundred cold-stunned green sea turtles had been found floating or washed ashore. After spending some time in a rehabilitation facility, people took the turtles 15 to 20 miles offshore to warmer waters where they released them back into the water. As with other reptiles, sea turtles rely on their external environment to regulate their body temperature. Cold stunning occurs when water temperatures drop below 10° Celsius.
This news is about a law in the USA. There it is illegal to torture animals and film this. Torturing animals ‘only’ is OK. In some states, it is illegal. In other states, it is legal. There is no federal ban on torturing animals. This can change soon. There is a new law. It is called PACT. If leaders say ‘yes’ to PACT, torturing animals become illegal everywhere in the USA.	It is illegal to films animal torture in the USA, but it is not illegal to torture animals. It may be illegal in some states, but the federal law does not make it illegal everywhere. There is a new law which would make torturing animals illegal everywhere in the USA. It is called the PACT Act (Preventing Animal Cruelty and Torture). If the law passes and people break it, they will have to pay money or go to prison for up to seven years.	The US federal law bans the recording of animal torture , but there is no federal law to ban the actual torturing. People have introduced legislation to ban it in Congress in the past, but it has never gone to the vote. Now, representative like Ted Deutch and Vern Buchanan are trying again. The PACT Act (Preventing Animal Cruelty and Torture) would criminalise things like crushing, burning and impaling animals. Those who break the law could face fines and up to seven years in prison. The PACT would exclude things like fishing and hunting.
This year, the Super Bowl goes to Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA. This Super Bowl is the coldest ever. People have to play the game inside. Temperatures are -17 degrees Celsius or 1 degree Fahrenheit. Thousands of fans are visiting. Many activities are still outside. One man says that it is good to enjoy being outside. Then the cold does not feel so bad. An ice artist says that the weather is beautiful. However, he thinks that the city needs more snow.	This year, the Super Bowl went north to Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA. It was the coldest Super Bowl ever on record. People played it indoors, as the temperatures were -17 degrees Celsius or 1 degree Fahrenheit. Thousands of fans were in the city and many activities were outside despite the cold. One man explained that people have to try to enjoy being outside so that the cold does not seem so bad. An ice sculpture artist said that the weather was beautiful but that the city needs more snow.	This year, the Super Bowl, NFL’s annual fixture , went north to Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA. The Super Bowl was the coldest ever on record and people played it indoors, as temperatures were -17 degrees Celsius or 1 degree Fahrenheit. Thousands of Eagles and Patriots fans were in the city and many activities were outdoors despite the cold. One man explained that people need to try to enjoy being outside so that the cold will not bother them so much. An ice sculpture artist said that he thinks that the cold weather is beautiful but that the city needs more snow.
Foie gras is a usual French delicacy . Many people love it. Foie gras is a part of every holiday. Foie gras is made of duck or goose liver. A liver is a body part. It is very fatty. Farmers feed the birds with metal tubes. The birds eat too much. Their livers swell . It is a very cruel thing. Many people do not like it. They stop eating foie gras. It is not possible to make or sell foie gras in some countries anymore. A French company makes foie gras in a lab. Foie gras grows from the birds´ stem cells. A stem cell is a very small part of the body. Anything can grow from it. Around 70 companies in the world make meat in a lab. The reason is that people care more about animals. Meat from a lab is more friendly to the natural world, too.	Foie gras is a fatty duck or goose liver, and for many people, it is a delicacy . It is a part of French tradition, and people cannot imagine any holidays without foie gras. Now more and more people are concerned about the way how farmers make foie gras. Farmers feed ducks and geese several times every day and they use metal tubes. It is a very cruel and painful method, and many people decided not to eat foie gras because of this. Some countries even stopped making or sellling it. A French startup now makes foie gras in a lab. The company uses duck stem cells to grow the foie gras. Some people say that foie gras from a lab tastes the same as real foie gras. More than 70 startups in the world are making meat or other animal products in a lab. It is more friendly to the natural world and animals do not need to suffer.	Foie gras, a fatty duck or goose liver, is considered by many as one of the most luxurious foods. In France, its consumption is a ritual deeply rooted in the country´s traditions and culture; however, its decadence makes the brutality of how it´s made even more worse. A controversial process known as gavage, where birds are force-fed several times a day through metal tubes until their livers swell, is considered savage . Animal welfare concerns have made more than a dozen countries ban production, and even in France, around three quarters of people say that they´d prefer the delicacy without gavage if they had a choice. Now a French startup´s making foie gras from duck stem cells harvested from a single fertilized egg. In stainless-steel tanks, the cells are fed nutrients to multiply and eventually form whatever tissue is desired. More than 70 startups globally are working on everything, from pork chops to kangaroo meat in response to environmental and livestock welfare concerns.
In England, there is a big training. It is for emergency training. Emergency staff practise at the training. They practise what to do in a serious situation. People plan this training for a year. It happens at a station. There is a lot of rubble . There are people in the rubble. The emergency staff must help them.	People recreated Waterloo Station, a station in London and then they crushed it at an old power station. Emergency services used the site to practise what they would do in the event of a real incident. This training took a year of planning. The training used seven tube carriages, bodies in and amongst the rubble , 1,000 actors who played the injured, and hundreds of emergency staff . The training gave the emergency teams an opportunity to practise skills and functions they rarely get to use, and hopefully they won’t have to.	Injured and trapped bodies in and amongst rubble , this is a scene after a building collapsed on Waterloo Station. It is what emergency services faced today in what looks like a major incident. But this is just a drill and it’s Europe’s largest ever. Waterloo Station’s been partially recreated and then crushed at a disused power station in Kent and emergency services are using this to practice what they would do in the event of a real major incident. It’s taken more than a year of planning, with seven tube carriages and hundreds of emergency service staff. There’s also 1,000 actors, many of them with fake wounds, providing real scenarios for the responders to deal with. The drill involves fire-fighters, police and paramedics along with more than 70 other agencies, including local councils, utility companies and specialists search and rescue teams and will last four days. There’s also an on-site mortuary with disaster victim identification teams from all UK police regions working with other forensic specialists. The scale of this drill gives the teams an opportunity to practise skills and functions they rarely get to use and hope they won’t have to.
Tunis is the capital city of Tunisia. The police in Tunis use a special robot . The robot moves around the city. The police control the robot from another place. The coronavirus is in Tunisia. More than 500 people are ill. They must stay at home. The robot stops people who are outside. The robot can speak. It asks people to show their ID . People must say why they are outside. The robot checks people´s temperature. It has a special camera and an alarm system. A Tunisian company builds the robot. The company sells the robot to foreign countries. It costs more than $100,000. Companies use it to keep people safe.	Police in Tunis, the capital of Tunisia, are using a special robot. The robot is patrolling the streets of the city, and it is checking people´s IDs . The police operate it remotely because they do not want to get in contact with people who can be ill. Tunisia has more than 500 confirmed cases of the coronavirus, and the country has been on lock down for almost three weeks. When the robot sees people in the street, it asks them to show their IDs and papers that show that they have a good reason to be outdoors. It has special cameras that check people´s temperature, and it has a sound and light alarm system. A Tunisian company built the robot, and it is selling the robot mostly overseas. It costs more than $100,000, and companies use it for safety.	PGuard is a remotely operated robot that is patrolling the streets of the Tunisian capital, Tunis. Tunisian police have deployed the robot to help them enforce the coronavirus lock down. The robot is equipped with infrared and thermal imaging cameras, in addition to a sound and light alarm system. It stops suspected lock down violators, and it asks them to show their IDs and papers to prove that they have a valid reason to be outdoors. Lock down restrictions have been in place since March 22. Tunisia has reported more than 500 confirmed cases of infection and 19 deaths from the coronavirus. The robot is built by a Tunisian company and it has been selling mostly overseas to companies for security uses. Its price is up to $140,000.
The school year starts soon. Some parents worry. They do not know if schools are safe. They are afraid of the coronavirus. In schools, students share many things. For example, students share a microscope in a science class. It is not always possible to have one thing for each student. Many students touch and use the same things. In some classes, students share scissors or pencils. Scientists say that it is not usual to catch COVID-19 when you touch a thing. However, some risk  exists . It is important to clean things that students share. Schools should give each student their own materials. Schools should wrap this material in plastic. However, for many schools, this is too difficult.	The school year starts soon, and many parents wonder if schools are safe for their children. Some parents worry that their children could get sick with COVID-19 in classrooms. In schools, students use many objects; for example, they use a microscope in a science class. It is sometimes necessary to share some objects which means that many students touch the same object in one class. In some classes, students share scissors, paper, or pencils. Experts say that it is not very common to catch COVID-19 when you touch an object. However, they still recommend to sterilize shared objects to minimize the risk. Every student should have individual material that is sterilized and wrapped in plastic. However, this does not happen in most schools, and it will be difficult to change this.	As the school year starts, many parents may be wondering about the risks of getting sick with COVID-19 in classrooms. According to experts, the risk of contracting COVID-19 from sharing classroom materials is medium. Experts say that they have not recorded a significant transmission of COVID-19 from objects to people. However, it is recommended to work on sterilizing shared equipment in classes such as science class where many students use one object such as a microscope. Experts suggest that each student should have individual materials shrink-wrapped and sterilized beforehand; however, this does not happen in most classrooms. It is common that students share scissors, pencils, and paper, and it can be difficult to change this and to still provide students the same experience of their fellow students and to keep children excited about learning.
People in Bogota, the capital of Colombia, can enjoy a special Christmas train. It is very popular. It brings the Christmas feeling to the city. The train is 400 meters long. It has many lights on it. It has 14 cabins . 600 people can travel by this train at one time. Santa Claus and other Christmas people greet  passengers at the train station. People take pictures with them. Then, the train starts to move through the city. Santa Claus walks through the train. His helpers and he give gifts to children. The train runs all of December. People come to see it every evening. They watch the lights. They are happy. Tourists love the train, too.	The popular Christmas train returned to Colombia’s capital Bogota, after a one-year break because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The train is 400 meters long, and it has 14 cabins which can carry up to 600 passengers. Once a year, it uses old travel infrastructure , which modern trains have not used for more than 30 years. Santa Claus and nutcrackers welcome passengers at the train station, and then, they walk through the train, speak to people, and give gifts to children. The train runs all of December, and it brings the holiday spirit to the city. Every night, people come out to see it, and to enjoy the moment. According to authorities, the train also interests tourists, and some of its passengers are foreigners.	The multicolored lights of Bogota´s Christmas train have returned to Colombia’s capital for Christmas after it was cancelled last year due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 400-meters-long and comprised of 14 cars, the lit-up trin makes use of old railways that were out of commission in Bogota for more than three decades. The holiday express can carry up to 600 passengers at a time, some of which tend to be foreigners. Staff dressed up as nutcrackers and Santa Claus greeted passengers at the train station, and they passed cabin to cabin to visit passengers as the train chugged along. The train follows a route through the South American capital, leading to Bogota´s popular attraction, the Salt Cathedral of Zipaquira. The Christmas train will be running all through December, and according to the train´s manager, besides being a publicity event, the attraction also helps bring joy to the people of Bogota who always come out to see it passing by every night.
A candidate for the president in France surprises his supporters . He meets them in the form of a hologram . Thousands of people in Paris see the candidate at a meeting. He is not actually there. It is only a hologram . At the same time, he speaks live in Lyon. He meets his supporters in two cities at the same time. His supporters think that the hologram is very interesting. It looks so real. Some say that they forget that he is not there. One of the supporters says that at the start it is very exciting . Then he forgets that there is only a hologram. It works very well.	A candidate for the president in France surprised his supporters. He appeared in front of them in the form of a hologram . The candidate appeared by projection before thousands of his supporters in Paris . At the same time, he was also speaking live from Lyon over 450 kilometers away. In this way, he was able to meet his supporters in two cities simultaneously . His supporters said that the hologram was very interesting. It was very realistic. Some people said that they forgot that he was not actually there. One of the supporters said that at the start, it was very exciting. Then he practically forgot that there was a hologram. It worked very well.	France’s far-left candidate, Jean-Luc Mélenchon, surprised his supporters by appearing in front of them in the form of a hologram . The candidate appeared by projection before thousands of his supporters in Paris while speaking live from Lyon over 450 kilometers away. In this way, he was able to meet his supporters in two cities simultaneously. His supporters said that they were captivated by the hologram, which was so realistic. Some people said that they forgot that he was not actually there. One of the supporters found the effect super interesting. He said that at the start it was very exciting, and then he practically forgot that there was a hologram. It worked very well.
A man is on a boat. He wants to tie up the boat. Something happens. He moves the throttle by accident. The boat moves. The man falls into the water. The boat moves in a circle. Somebody sees the boat. The person calls help. Lifeboat crew come. They get a line on the boat. They stop it.	A sailor was trying to tie up his boat when he accidentally knocked the throttle . The boat started moving and threw the man overboard. The six-metre-long speedboat began to move in a circle. Luckily, somebody spotted the boat and let others know. Lifeboat crew got a line aboard the boat and managed to reduce the speed. The owner of the boat got safely to shore, but he had to go to hospital.	A sailor in England was trying to tie up his boat when he accidentally knocked the throttle and was thrown overboard. He had already unclipped the kill cord and pushed the throttle lever to full power, as he fell into the water. The six-metre-long speedboat began to circle the quay . Luckily though, a member of the public spotted it and raised alarm. A lifeboat crew managed to get a line aboard the spinning boat, reach the throttle lever, and reduce the speed. The boat’s owner managed to get ashore safely and was rushed to hospital.
This news is about three students. They study in Istanbul. They go for a hike . They plan it for one day. They are in the mountains. The weather gets bad. They get lost. They are in the mountains for eight days. They do not have enough food. They must eat insects . One student has a phone. Its battery is almost dead, but he makes a phone call. He calls for help. The Turkish army comes. It saves the students.	Three exchange students in Istanbul went for a hike. They planned the trip for only a day, but they got lost in bad weather and became stranded . For eight days, the students survived by eating insects and sleeping in a cave. Luckily, one of the students managed to use his phone. It had only two per cent battery left, but he called the emergency services. The Turkish army came to rescue them. Authorities sent the students back home to their countries to recover .	This is the moment a British student was rescued from a Turkish mountain where he and two friends were stranded for eight days. David Mackie and his two Dutch friends had gone for a hike that was only supposed to last one day, but they got lost in bad weather and became stranded. For eight days, the trio survived by eating insects, drinking spring water and sleeping in a cave. “We only had food for the first day and it was eight days.” “Even our first day, we didn’t have full food. We only had snacks for lunch, really.” But luckily, David managed to use his phone, which only had two per cent battery, left to call the emergency services and the Turkish army was drafted in to save them. All three tourists who are exchange students in Istanbul were airlifted from the mountainside to safety and will be sent back to their home countries to recover .
Emma is a little girl. She lives in Texas, USA. She has a prosthetic leg. Her parents talk to a company that makes prosthetics. Her parents want to get Emma a doll with a prosthetic leg. They order a doll. They send it to the company. The company makes a pink leg for the doll. It writes a letter about the doll. The company sends it to Emma’s house. She is very happy. She is so happy that she cries. She reads the letter from the company. Her parents film Emma’s reaction . Many people watch the video on Facebook.	In Texas, USA, a girl named Emma has a prosthetic leg. Her parents wanted to do something special for her, so they contacted a company that makes prosthetics. They sent the company a doll so the company could create a prosthetic leg for it. The company created a pink leg for the doll, since pink is Emma’s favourite colour, and then sent it to Emma. When Emma received the doll, her parents filmed how she responded. She was so happy that she cried. She also read a letter from the company about her doll’s story and about its leg.	A moment was filmed on camera where a Texan girl named Emma who has a prosthetic leg received a very special gift: it was a doll that her parents had gone to a lot of hard work to get. Just like Emma, the doll has a prosthetic leg. You can see that the girl is filled with happiness as she tried to take in what she unboxed .
Some Americans visit Africa. They kill animals there. After they kill an elephant, they want to bring a piece of it home. They call this a trophy. It is a part of the dead animal. This is not legal when Obama is president. Trump is the president of the USA now. He makes this legal. His government says that this can make money. The money can help protect elephants. Some people agree with this. Some do not. There is a revolution in Zimbabwe. One critic says that it is hard to control hunting during a revolution.	Obama’s administration put aban on importing of body parts of elephants to America. The Trump administration now lifted the ban. Americans can import body parts of elephants shot for sport. The Trump administration says that trophy hunting can bring money, which can help protect elephants. Critics say that trophy hunters will only kill more elephants. The political situation in Zimbabwe is unstable. Biologist Shaye Wolf says that it is hard to control hunting when there is a revolution happening in Zimbabwe. She also said that elephants are very intelligent and social animals. In the last seven years, people killed over 140,000 savannah elephants.	The Trump administration lifted an Obama-era ban on the importing of body parts of elephants shot for sport in the southern African countries of Zimbabwe and Zambia. According to the American wildlife authorities, trophy hunting can help raise money for conservation programmes. Critics of the ban lift, on the other hand, say that trophy hunting will only add to the decline in elephant numbers. Biologist Shaye Wolf explained that poaching increases during times of upheaval . She said that Zimbabwe is in the midst of a political coup and there is no way for the government to effectively manage hunting right now, much less rein in poaching. She continued to add that elephants are magnificent , highly intelligent and social creatures. Illegal poaching has killed over 140,000 savannah elephants in the last seven years.
In October, it started to rain in Bolivia. Now it is flooding . The floods make a lot of problems. The situation is serious. A lot of people leave their houses. Twenty-five people die. The middle and north of Bolivia have the most floods. An area called Pando is in the north. A river there makes many people leave their houses. A few people die. The Bolivian government helps. It sends food, beds and soap. It also sends tents. People live in the tents inside of schools. People worry that there is not a lot of room.	In October, heavy seasonal rain began in Bolivia and flooding started. The flooding has affected 17,000 families and it has killed 25 people. The centre and north of Bolivia received the most flooding so far. The northern province of Pando is near Brazil. After the Acre River burst onto land, it destroyed the land around 9000 homes and killed several people. The government is helping by sending food, beds, mosquito nets , cleaning supplies and tents. People live in the tents in schools, but the schools are almost full.	Bolivia’s government has declared a state of emergency in response to flooding caused by heavy seasonal rains. Worst hit has been the northern province of Pando, in the Amazon rain forest on the border with Brazil, where the river Acre burst its banks . Around 9000 families have been made homeless and several people are reported dead. The government has sent 4.5 tons of aid , including food, mattresses, mosquito nets, and toiletries to the affected residents. Local authorities have set up tent shelters for the flood victims in nearby schools, but they are reportedly nearly at full capacity . At least 25 people have been killed and more than 17,000 households have been affected by the heavy seasonal rain since October with the central and northern regions of the country hardest hit.
Thai police find a camp. It is a trafficking camp. It is in a jungle. The police find two dead bodies. They also find around 30 graves . One man is alive. People take him to hospital. The dead people were  migrants . They were from Myanmar and Bangladesh. They wanted to live in Thailand. Thousands of migrants come to Thailand every year. Traffickers traffic the migrants. They are not nice to them. They kill many migrants.	Thai police discovered an abandoned trafficking camp in a jungle. They found two bodies and more than 30 graves. They rescued one survivor and took him to hospital. The bodies and graves probably belonged to migrants from Myanmar and Bangladesh. This showed how brutal the trafficking trade is. Every year, thousands of migrants come to Thailand. Smugglers bring them in and treat them terribly.	Thai police have discovered at least 30 graves believed to belong to migrants from Myanmar and Bangladesh at what authorities say is an abandoned  trafficking camp in a remote jungle. In the south of Thailand, a total of at least 30 graves were found in what’s been described as a well-set-up smuggling camp. According to police, four bodies have been exhumed , and the graves are the first discovery of their kind in the country. Two other bodies that had not been buried and left to rot  in the open were also found. One survivor was rescued and taken to hospital. The discovery highlights the brutal nature of the trafficking trade in which hundreds are believed to have died in camps or at sea. Every year, thousands of Rohingya and Bangladeshi boat people arrive in Thailand brought in by smugglers. Many are taken by roads to camps in the jungle where traffickers demand a ransom to smuggle them south across the border to Malaysia.
Students are on a beach. They are Chinese. They play in the snow. One student sees something. There is a woman in the sea. She is around 50 metres from the shore . She walks into the water. The water is freezing . The woman wants to kill herself. The students run towards the woman. They save her life. They take the woman to the beach. She runs away. The local police know about her.	Chinese university students were playing in the snow on a beach when one of them saw something. A woman was about 50 metres from the shore . The water was up to her thighs. She was trying to kill herself in the freezing seawater. The 23 students ran into the water and saved her. After they brought her back on the beach, she ran away. Police think that the woman suffers from psychological distress .	University students in China have rescued a woman who was apparently attempting to commit suicide in freezing seawater. In Qinhuangdao city, these still images and video taken by a witness, show a woman standing in the sea and moving gradually further away from the shore into deeper water. About 23 students from Yanshan University were playing together in the snow when one of them, Liu Yongcheng, spotted the middle-aged woman slowly walking into the sea. Liu explained the woman was about 50 metres from the shore with the water up to her thighs when he first saw her. After being delivered to the shore, the woman is said to have run off. Local police said that they had received lots of other reports about a woman behaving in a similar fashion, so they’re assuming she’s suffering from psychological distress .
This news is about Karl Lagerfeld. He works for Chanel. Chanel is a fashion company . He is the most important person in Chanel. He works there for 36 years. He becomes a fashion icon . Now Karl Lagerfeld is old. He is 85. He becomes unwell . He dies.	Karl Lagerfeld was born in 1933, and he worked for Chanel as the creative director for 36 years. He was a fashion icon . He always wore similar clothing – a shirt, suit, tie and black glasses. This became his typical look . Last month, he missed Chanel’s culture show. He was not well and recently he died. He was 85.	Fashion icon Karl Lagerfeld died at the age of 85. He was the creative director of Chanel, and he was a legend who continued working until his last days. He had been unwell for a number of weeks, and he missed Chanel’s culture show in Paris last month. Born in 1933, he spent an impressive 36 years working at the fashion house and he was well known for this signature suited look.
This news is about cars. Some Kia and Hyundai cars are bad. Some of them catch on fire. This happens to about 3,000 people. The people tell an American agency about this. The agency starts an investigation . The problems are with Hyundai Sonata and Santa Fe, and Kia Optima, Sorento and Soul. There can be up to 3 million of these cars on the road in the USA.	More than 3,000 people complained about some Kia and Hyundai cars. The problem was that some of the cars catch on fire. Since there were so many cases , an American agency started an investigation into this problem. Some years of the Hyundai Sonata and Santa Fe, and Kia Optima, Sorento and Soul have a higher risk of catching on fire. There can be up to 3 million of these cars on the road in the USA.	There have been more than 3,000 complaints about certain Kia and Hyundai models for risk of catching fire, including claims of 103 injuries and one death in the USA. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) announced investigations into certain years of the Hyundai Sonata and Santa Fe, and Kia Optima, Sorento and Soul models. There could be up to 3 million Hyundai and Kia vehicles at an increased risk of catching fire.
“FAI World Air Games” is a competition . People call it the Olympics of air sports. This year, the games take place in Dubai. Over 800 competitors come to the games. They compete in 11 sports. One of the sports is the hot air balloon competition. A German wins the competition. The man talks about the games. He likes the games. He says that Dubai looks great from the air.	People call the FAI World Air Games the Olympics of air sports. This year’s games took place in Dubai last weekend. Over 800 competitors took part in 11 sports and 24 disciplines. Among those was the hot air balloon competition which a German won. He said that the games and the view from the balloon were incredible .	All eyes were on the skies in Dubai this weekend as the city provided a stunning  backdrop for the FAI World Air Games. The event has only taken place three times and is known as the Olympics of air sports. This year’s event began on 1st December and saw 854 competitors take part in 11 sports and 24 disciplines, among those was the hot air balloon competition, won by Germany’s David Strasmann. “It was a big victory to win the Air Games but it was, for me, special because to be here, after the hard work of four years to come here. Yeah, I am very impressed about all around that – to see the other sports, and to fly over the Palm and to see the Burj Khalifa with the balloon. It was incredible .” The Games came to a close on Saturday as fans were treated to a breath-taking air display.
An earthquake hits Turkey and Greece. It is a powerful earthquake. More than 120 people are hurt . The Greek island of Kos is hit hard. More than two people die there. People are scared. Some tourists sleep outside. The first earthquake is strong. There are 20 smaller earthquakes after it.	A powerful earthquake struck in Turkey and on the Greek island of Kos. More than 120 people were hurt. There were more than two deaths on Kos. The 6.7-magnitude earthquake had at least 20 aftershocks . Some terrified tourists chose to sleep outdoors on makeshift beds.	A powerful earthquake struck in the Aegean Sea in the early hours of Friday morning. More than 120 people were hurt in Turkey and on Kos where at least two died. It was recorded that the 6.7-magnitude earthquake had at least 20 aftershocks . Some terrified tourists chose to sleep outdoors on makeshift beds.
Banksy is a street artist. He is very popular around the world. However, nobody knows his real name. Banksy decides to buy a ship. This ship helps refugees from Africa. The ship is 100 feet long. In the past, it belongs to the French government. The ship is bright pink. People can see some of Banksy´s art on the ship, too. The ship leaves a Spanish port on August 18. Media do not know about it. Now, the ship is in the Mediterranean sea. It saves African people. In three weeks, the ship saves almost 200 people. 10 women are in the crew . There are no men. All the women have a lot of experience . They want to help all people. It is not important who the people are. It is not important where they come from.	Banksy is a world-known British street artist. He decided to support people who help refugees in the Mediterranean Sea. These people come from Africa, and they want to get to Europe to live better lives there. Banksy bought a 100-feet ship, which is named Louise Michael, after a French feminist  anarchist . It is painted in bright pink, and there are some of Banksy´s paintings, too. The ship started its journey in a Spanish port on August 18, and it made its way to the central Mediterranean. There have already been three rescue events of almost 200 people. There are 10 women in the crew; however, they have a lot of experience with similar missions.	The British street artist Banksy has bought a boat to rescue refugees who attempt to reach Europe from North Africa. The vessel was named Louise Michael, after a French feminist anarchist . It is painted in bright pink and it features Banksy´s artwork. The 100-foot motor yacht, that was formerly owned by French customs authorities, set off in secrecy on August 18 from Spain, and it is now in the central Mediterranean. On Thursday, it rescued 89 people, including 14 women and 4 children. The crew has a long experience in search and rescue operations, and it had already assisted in two other rescue operations involving 105 people. The boat´s mission states that the crew intends to answer any SOS calls.
In Kolkata, India, part of a highway overpass falls down. It traps about six cars. Firefighters cut the cars open to save the people. Some people go to hospital. In Kolkata in 2016, another part of a highway overpass fell down. Twenty-six people died then.	In Kolkata, India, a part of a highway overpass fell down and trapped about six vehicles . Firefighters cut the cars to save people, and some people went to hospital. In Kolkata in 2016, another section of a highway overpass fell down. Twenty-six people died then.	In the Indian city of Kolkata, a 30-metre section of a highway overpass collapsed, trapping half a dozen vehicles. Firefighters used cutting tools to remove people from the cars, and seven or eight people went to hospital due to injuries. In 2016, also in Kolkata, another section of a highway overpass collapsed, leading to 26 deaths.
A Russian artist in Siberia makes a big sculpture . This sculpture is a rooster . It is made out of manure . The rooster is 11-feet high. The artist wants to celebrate the Chinese new year. He uses a simple technology. He makes a metal structure and puts the manure on it. This is teamwork because this artist has a problem. He has a problem with his leg. He needs an operation . His brothers come and help him. The rooster is ready on New Year’s Eve. It welcomes the year 2017. The Chinese zodiac is a 12-year cycle. Every year has a symbol of an animal. The year of the rooster begins on January 28th. The artist makes statues of other symbols, too. He makes a monkey and a goat and also many horses. Many people hope that this artist makes more animals in the future.	A Russian sculptor in Siberia created a giant sculpture of a rooster . He made it out of manure . The rooster is 11-feet high. The artist created the sculpture to celebrate the Chinese zodiac year. He used a simple technology. He made a metal frame and then put the manure on it. This was teamwork. The artist had a leg injury and he needed surgery. His brothers came and helped, so the piece was ready on New Year’s Eve to welcome the year 2017. The Chinese zodiac is a 12-year cycle.  An animal symbolises each year. The year of the rooster begins on January 28th. The artist made statues of other Chinese New Year symbols in the past. He made a monkey and a goat and also many horse figures. Many people hope that the artist will make many more pieces like this.	A Russian sculptor made a giant sculpture of a rooster out of manure in the far region of Yakutsk in Siberia. He created it to celebrate the Chinese zodiac year. He made the 11-feet high rooster by using a simple technology. He created a metal frame and then put the manure on the cast . A leg injury hampered the sculptor’s work. This required surgery only a week earlier, so his brothers helped him to finish the piece so that it was ready to be unveiled on New Year’s Eve to welcome in the year 2017. The Chinese zodiac is based on a 12-year cycle with each year relating to an animal. The year of the rooster begins on January 28th. The artist has made statues of other Chinese New Year symbols in the past, including one of a monkey and one of a goat, as well as a number of horse figures. This really seems like quite the movement and many people hope that the artist will continue to release many more pieces like this.
This happens in Australia. A shark bites a surfer . A shark bites a second surfer in the same place. This happens the next day. The shark bites his legs off! The second surfer is from Japan. Many surfers know him. They see him in the water. They take him out of the ocean. They call for help, but the Japanese man dies. Police want to find the shark. They want to know if it bit both men. Then they will kill it. The surfers don’t want people to kill the shark.	A shark attacked a surfer in Australia. On the very next day and in the same place, a shark attacked a Japanese surfer. It bit his legs off! Other surfers took him out of the ocean. They called for help, but he died from blood loss . The surfers are sad because many of them knew the Japanese man. The police now investigate the site where the shark killed the surfer. The police said that they will try to find out if one shark attacked both surfers. If it made both attacks, the police will kill it, but the other surfers think that they should leave it alone.	A man has been killed by a shark off Australia’s East Coast, not far from where a surfer was mauled by a shark just a day earlier. The victim, who was a Japanese national , was pulled out of the water by a group of surfers at Shelly Beach in Ballina, New South Wales, on Monday. “Unfortunately, they were unable to stop the bleeding, and it would appear, at this stage , we believe, that he died of blood loss.” The attack happened in front of several other surfers who told police the man’s legs were bitten off. Police said the man was a 41-year-old Japanese national who’d lived in the Ballina area for around 12 months and was well-known in the local surfing community . They said that if a shark expert determined the same animal was responsible for both attacks, it could be destroyed, but surfers believe it should be left alone. The site of the attack is now a police crime scene, and a report will be prepared for the coroner .
SpaceX is a company . It makes rockets. These rockets go to space. This news is about one of its rockets. The rocket is in Florida. People test it. Something is wrong. People can see black smoke. The rocket explodes. This is not the company’s first fail . SpaceX is only 14 years old. Elon Musk is the boss of SpaceX. He wants to make space travel cheaper. In 2018, he wants to send robots to Mars. In 2024, he wants to send people to Mars.	People tested a SpaceX rocket on Friday before its scheduled launch on Saturday. It was going to carry an Israeli communications satellite. The testing in Florida did not go well. People saw thick black smoke and then the rocket exploded. This was not the first problem for SpaceX, which Elon Musk started in 2002. The goal of the company is to cut costs to make travel to Mars affordable. The company plans to fly its first unmanned spacecraft to Mars in 2018 and to send humans to Mars as early as 2024.	After an apparent explosion took place, people saw thick black smoke rising from the launch site for Elon Musk’s SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket at Cape Canaveral in Florida. The explosion happened during a test firing of the Falcon 9 rocket ahead of the scheduled launch of an Israeli communications satellite on Saturday. This was not the first time that Musk had problems. One of his Falcon rockets toppled over after landing and exploded. Musk started SpaceX in 2002 with the goal of cutting launch costs to make travel to Mars affordable. The company plans to fly its first unmanned spacecraft to Mars in 2018 and send humans to Mars as early as 2024.
This news is from China. Chinese parents can have only one child. This is called the “one-child policy ”. The policy started in 1979. It stopped around 400 million births . People with more children became in big trouble. All this can change, however. The Chinese government plans to let people there have two children.	In the 1950s, China’s population grew by around 1.9% each year. The government wanted to change this and started the one-child policy . The policy began in 1979 and it prevented about 400 million births. People who had more than one child could lose their jobs or worse. Doctors even sterilized some people. Traditionally, Chinese families prefer boys. If a girl was born to some Chinese families, they left her and tried again for a boy. All this, however, may soon change. The Chinese government is planning to let people there have two children.	These children could be the first in generations to have a brother or sister. China has decided to end its decades-long one-child policy . All couples can now have two children as the country’s ruling Communist party announced an ease of family planning restrictions. It’s estimated that the controversial policy prevented about 400 million births since it began in 1979. It was enforced to reduce the country’s birth rate, in turn slowing the rapid growth of population. Back in the 1950s, China’s population was increasing by around 1.9% each year, after people were encouraged to have children to increase the workforce. But the government decided that this was unsustainable , resulting in the one-child policy. Those who flouted the rules were either fined , lost their jobs, or in some cases, mums were forced to abort their babies or be sterilised . Some desperate parents gave up their babies, leaving them is so-called baby  hatches . It was for poor mums and dads who could not afford to keep their sick or disabled baby and saw parents simply place a child in the hatch, press an alarm button and then leave them behind to be taken care of by the state. Chinese families traditionally favour boys and so, if they can have only one child, some parents abandon girls and try again for a boy. Under the 2013 reform, couples in which one parent is an only child were allowed to have a second child. China’s working age population continued to shrink in 2013, for the first time in decades, made worse by the one-child policy. The drop means that China could be the first country in the world to get old before it gets rich. Currently, there are no immediate details on the new policy or a time-frame for implementation .
There is a chemical attack in Syria. It happens on April 7th. Forty to sixty people die. Between 500 and 1,000 people need help. Countries do not agree on who did the attack. The USA and Britain say that Syria did it. Russia says that Britain did the attack. The USA, the UK and France attack Syria. They say that they bomb buildings with chemical weapons .	On April 7th, there was a chemical attack in Duoma, Syria. Forty to sixty people died and between 500 to 1,000 people needed medical help. Washington and London said that they are sure that the Syrian government carried out the attack. Russia, on the other hand, said that Britain staged the attack, so it could attack Syria. The USA, UK and France attacked Syria. Prime Minister Theresa May talked about it and said that chemical weapons storage and production facilities were hit.	On April 7th, there was a chemical attack in Duoma, Syria, in which 40–60 people died and between 500 to 1,000 people needed medical help. On Friday 13th, experts from OPCW (Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons) reported that they would take samples from victims and from the site of the alleged attack. Washington and London said with ‘very high confidence’ that the Syrian government carried out the attack. Syria claims it did not carry out the attack, and Russia stated that Britain staged the attack as a pretext for launching a wider military assault on Syria. The UK, unsurprisingly, says that this is not true. Regardless of there being no agreement on who carried out the attack, the USA, UK and France attacked Syria. British Prime Minister Theresa May said that chemical weapons storage and production facilities were hit.
‘The Beach’ is a film.  People make it in 1999. They film it in Maya Bay, Thailand. Leonardo DiCaprio is in the film. Due to the film, people start to visit Maya Bay. Around 4,000 people come every day! Animals and plants suffer . There are too many tourists! Scientists want to protect the beach. They close it for four months. They give the animals and plants time to get better. When the beach opens again in September, only 2,000 people a day will be allowed to come.	Maya Bay in Thailand was in the media in 1999 when Hollywood arrived there to film ‘The Beach’. One of the film’s actors was Leonardo DiCaprio. Due to the movie, tourists started coming to the beach there. As many as 4,000 visitors used to arrive on boats every day. Since there were so many tourists, the natural life was ruined. To protect the beach, people closed it now for four months. When it reopens by the end of September, only 2,000 visitors a day will be allowed to the beach. A scientist said that he and the other scientists made a mistake – they thought that the money from the movie was very important, but now they see that they must protect the beach. An actress from the film said that people are obsessed with fame and celebrity. They do not come to the beach because it is beautiful but because of the film. She said that Thailand is amazing and there are many beautiful beaches.	Maya Bay in Thailand made headlines in 1999 when Hollywood arrived there to film ‘The Beach’ starring Leonardo DiCaprio.  Since then, tourists have flooded this beach with as many as 4,000 visitors arriving on boats every day. The mass tourism exhausted the once- pristine beach and ruined the natural life. That is why people closed the beach to tourists for four months. When it reopens by the end of September, they will impose a limit of 2,000 visitors per day. A marine scientist said that he and the other scientists made a mistake thinking that the money from the movie was very important, but now they see that the beach is a natural resource that they have to preserve. Zelda Tinska, an actress from the film, said that she honestly thinks that the West is a society which is obsessed with fame and celebrity. People do not visit the beach because they want to see the actual location but because there was a film shot there – and Thailand is an amazing country and there are many other beaches as beautiful as Maya Bay.
Do you use Airbnb? If so, you can win a prize. You can win a stay in a special room. This room is see-through and it is in a tank . The tank is ten metres deep in the water. There are 35 sharks in the tank. You can see them very well. The room is in Paris.	Airbnb is offering its users the chance to win a night in an underwater bedroom at Aquarium de Paris. The bedroom is a small capsule in a ten-metre-deep tank in the water. The capsule is transparent so you get a great view at the ten-metre-deep tank. The most interesting part is that there are 35 sharks in the tank. The stay in the bedroom lets you see sharks up close, but just don’t watch “Jaws” before going there!	Giving a new meaning to the phrase “ sleeping with the fishes “! This is a sleepover like no other. Airbnb are offering its users the chance to win a night in an underwater bedroom at Aquarium de Paris. Scared yet? Well, what if we told you the lucky winners will be submerged in three million litres of water in a tank ten metres deep, with only a 360-degree transparent wall between them and some rather unusual neighbours – 35 sharks! Guests will also enjoy an intimate meal at the aquarium with tank-side views. The experience is designed to give competition winners an exclusive behind-the-scenes glimpse into the world of sharks – how they live, why they’re so misunderstood and their importance to the ocean’s ecosystem. Do you think you’d get a peaceful night’s sleep? Maybe just don’t watch “Jaws” before you go. Oh, and don’t sleepwalk!
This news is from the USA. A rocket lifts off . It carries cargo into space. The rocket explodes. This happens when it is still close to the ground. Some people watch the rocket. They see it explode. They film the incident. The rocket turns into a big fireball. People investigate the incident.	A rocket exploded seconds after it lifted off . It carried 5,000 pounds (2.3 tonnes) of cargo to the International Space Station. People filmed the shocking moment. They were watching the lift-off. The rocket suddenly turned into a large fireball. What was left of the rocket fell to the ground and caused even more flames . The cause of the incident is now under investigation.	This video filmed by a journalist captures the moment an unmanned rocket exploded seconds after lift-off from a commercial pad in Virginia. The footage of Tuesday’s launch shows the Antares rising slowly into the night sky, as flames suddenly engulf the rocket from the bottom to the top. It’s the first accident since NASA turned to private operators to deliver cargo to the International Space Station. As a crowd of locals gathered to watch the launch, businessman Mike Odwalla also captured the incredible moment. As he filmed the blast on his mobile phone, the rocket can be seen exploding in a huge fireball . What was left of the spacecraft and rocket plummeted back to Earth, causing even more flames upon impact . The Antares rocket and Cygnus cargo spacecraft had been set to launch at 6:22PM, carrying roughly 5,000 pounds (2.3 tonnes) of supplies and experiments to the International Space Station. The cause of the incident is now under investigation.
This news is from Peru. Experts work on a church. It is a very old church. They want to make it nice again. During the work, they find something. It is a crypt . It is 500 years old. There are bones inside the crypt. They are human bones. These bones are from 32 people. Experts also find a painting. It is a painting on a wall. It shows baby Jesus.	People made a discovery during restoration work of a temple in Peru. The temple is one of the country’s oldest Christian sites. By accident, scientists found a 500 year-old crypt with bones from 32 people. The bones are in bad condition. The scientists also found a painting on a wall of the Christian nativity scene .	People made a discovery during restoration work at one of Peru’s earliest Christian sites, the Saint Francis of Assisi Temple. Buried deep inside this centuries-old crypt that archaeologists accidentally stumbled upon, are human bones that could total up to 32 complete skeletons. The remains are in bad condition after hundreds of years’ worth of disturbances at the site. Archaeologists say that the crypt, which is thought to be more than 500 years old, was used as a burial site for early believers. A mural of the Christian nativity scene , which people believe is part of the original decoration at the temple, was also found.
People are coming from Mexico to the USA. Some of them come illegally . Trump wants this to stop. He wants Mexico to stop them. He says that if Mexico does nothing, he puts a tax on things which Mexico sells to the USA. Last week, the USA and Mexico make a deal . Mexico is going to try to stop the people. Trump says that he will not start the tax.	On May 30, President Trump said that he would put tariffs on Mexico’s imports because he wanted Mexico to slow down the illegal immigration to the USA. Last week, the USA and Mexico made a deal, and Trump agreed not to start the tariffs. As part of the deal, Mexico will increase its use of its National Guard by 6,000 men to stop illegal immigration. The USA will continue to work against illegal immigration at the border with Mexico, too. In 90 days, the two countries will meet again to see if the deal is working well.	On May 30, President Trump said that he would put growing tariffs on Mexico’s imports if Mexico did not slow down the illegal immigration happening between the two countries. The threat of tariffs worried people in both countries. Last year, the US imported $378 billion of items from Mexico. Last week, the US and Mexico made a deal to stop President Trump’s threat to put tariffs on Mexico’s imports. After several days of negotiating, President Trump tweeted that the tariffs would be ‘ indefinitely suspended’ . As part of the deal, Mexico will increase its use of its National Guard to stop illegal immigration by adding 6,000 troops to its border. The US will continue to run its illegal immigration programmes at its border. In 90 days, the two countries will meet again to see if the deal is working well.
This news is from Moscow. Thousands of people protest there. They protest against corruption . They also want Prime Minister Medvedev to step down . This is a big anti-Kremlin protest. However, more people like Putin than the opposition . Police arrest hundreds of people. They arrest Alexei Navalny, too. He is the opposition leader.	Thousands of people protested in Moscow against corruption. They also demanded the resignation of Prime Minister Medvedev. It is the biggest anti-Kremlin protest since 2011. However, opinion polls show that more people like Putin than his opposition. Police arrested hundreds of people. They also arrested Alexei Navalny, who is the opposition leader.	Thousands in Moscow took to the streets in protest against corruption and demanded the resignation of Prime Minister Medvedev. People believe that the protest is the biggest anti-Kremlin protest since 2011. However, opinion polls suggest that Putin still has higher ratings than the liberal opposition. Police detained hundreds including Alexei Navalny, the opposition leader who called for the anti-corruption protests.
There is not enough food in Venezuela. People are hungry. They wait in long lines. When they get to the end, sometimes there is no food  left . Some people riot and steal . There is oil in Venezuela. People sell it and make money. They use this money to buy food. However, oil is very cheap. There is no money for food. People must buy at the black market. Some things are 10 times more expensive there. In May, there are 641 protests. 160 of them are about food. The protests are a problem for the government .	Across Venezuela, food riots and looting are a daily practice and a big problem for the government. Venezuelans stand in lines for food for hours, but when they get to the end, sometimes there is nothing left. Oil markets finances the supermarkets, but the oil prices collapsed under the current president Maduro and there is no money for food. People must turn to the black market where products, like milk or sugar, are 10 times more expensive. Last month, there were 641 protests and more than 160 of them were about food. Venezuela’s angry streets are a bigger problem for Maduro than his political opposition.	Food riots and violent looting have become a daily occurrence across Venezuela and a major problem for the struggling leftist government of President Nicolas Maduro. Despite spending hours in queues, Venezuelans increasingly find that supplies of subsidised flour or rice run out before they can buy them. This woman told the president that everyone, not just his opponents, is going hungry. Subsidised state-run supermarkets financed revenue were among the most appreciated programs of late President Hugo Chavez’s 14-year rule. But oil prices have collapsed under his successor Maduro, leaving the country with less money by oil to import food. What’s more, local firms have little interest in producing because price controls often mean they have to sell their products below cost price. People are being forced to turn to the black market where products like milk or sugar often fetch 10 times regulated prices. More than a quarter of 641 protests last month were for food, a figure that has risen every month this year and is up 3 times from May 2015. Venezuela’s angry streets are arguably a bigger threat for Maduro than the political opposition, with recent food protests coming within blocks of the Miraflores Presidential Palace.
A man from France likes to climb . People name him the French Spider Man. He likes to climb on the outside of buildings. He likes to climb on tall buildings. He climbs up the world’s tallest building. It is in Dubai. He does this in 2011. He is in Dubai again. He climbs another building. It is 75 storeys high. It is 307 metres tall. The climb takes him 70 minutes. His climb is dangerous. He does not use a rope. He puts sticky things on his fingers. These things help him climb.	People named a French climber the French Spider Man because he likes to climb tall buildings, such as skyscrapers. Back in 2011, he climbed the world’s tallest building, the Burj Khalifa, in Dubai. Recently, he climbed up the Cayan, which is another building in Dubai, and it is 75 storeys high and 307 metres tall. He took 70 minutes to climb up and did not use a rope to help him. His ascent was dangerous because he only used chalk and tape on his fingertips to help him grip the outside of the building.	A French climber has scaled one of Dubai’s tallest skyscrapers. Fifty-two-year-old Alain Robert relied on just chalk and sticky tape on his fingertips to help him up the 75-storey-high Cayan Tower. Alain completed the 307 metre-high (1,007 feet) structure in just 70 minutes. He had no harness and little space for his feet on the ledges of the tower. “Finally, at the end of the day, I knew that once I was going to start the ascent , everything would be okay. I would be completely focused and I would be fighting like a tiger.” The French climber, who’s also known as the French Spider Man, is no  stranger to scaling tall buildings. Back in 2011, he climbed the world’s tallest tower in Dubai, the Burj Khalifa.
Are you sad? Do you want to be happier? You can try laughter yoga. You laugh during this yoga lesson. It eases stress and relaxes you. This is good for your body. You can work better afterwards . Some people don’t want to do this new yoga in the beginning. However, when they try it, they like it. Laughing helps the immune system .	Are you feeling sad? Why not try laughter yoga! It eases stress and increases productivity and creativity . People don’t want to take a lesson at first, but when they do, they like it. The body cannot tell the difference between fake and genuine laughter. Experts say that humour helps the immune system and lowers blood pressure. Laughing for around 15 minutes can burn around 40 calories.	Bad day at work? Well, how about a bit of laughter yoga? Yeah, consultancy firm ‘Inspire 2 Aspire ‘ run the classes, which boss Mahesh believes eases stress and increases productivity and creativity among staff. “When they are doing laughter yoga with us, and we’ve incorporated all of development into it, and they just love it. They actually want to express appreciation and gratitude , but somehow in the work place they’re like oh I don’t think it looks that good. So, that builds very good relationships. Productivity goes up. Creativity goes up in the workplace.” So why is this type of yoga so great? Well, apparently the body cannot differentiate between fake and genuine laughter. According to experts, humour can boost the immune system and lower blood pressure, and laughing for around 15 minutes can burn around 40 calories. Laughter Yoga International now claims over 600 clubs in 60 countries.
Hafþór Björnsson is an actor and powerlifter. A powerlifter lifts heavy weights . Björnsson is 32 years old. He is 6 feet and 9 inches tall. He lives in Iceland. In 2018, Björnsson wins a competition for strong men. Björnsson becomes the strongest man in the world. This week, Björnsson breaks the world record in deadlift. Deadlift is a special exercise for strong people. A person lifts a heavy weight off the ground to the hips . He must stand straight. Björnsson lifts 1104 pounds. He breaks the record from 2016. In 2016, Eddie Hall lifts 1102 pounds. Many people do not think that Björnsson can do it. He is happy and proud. Björnsson is a star of the popular TV series Game of Thrones. He plays Gregor ´The Mountain´ Clegane.	Hafþór ‘Thor’ Björnsson is a 32-year-old Icelander actor and powerlifter . In 2018, he won the World´s Strongest Man competition. This week, he has broken the world deadlift record. Björnsson lifted 1104 punds, and beat his rival , Eddie Hall, who lifted 1102 pounds in 2016. After the event, Björnsson was very happy and proud. He said that many people did not believe that he could break the record. However, he got a lot of support, too. Björnsson, who is 6 feet and 9 inches tall, is a star of the popular TV series Game of Thrones, where he played Gregor ´The Mountain´ Clegane.	Icelander actor and powerlifter , Hafþór ‘Thor’ Björnsson, has broken the world deadlift record, lifting 1104 pounds. Björnsson, who is 6 feet and 9 inches tall, broke the record at his gym in Iceland. He previously won the World´s Strongest Man competition in 2018. The strongman lifted the barbell for two seconds, before dropping the weights and roaring in delight. He beat the previous record holder and rival, Eddie Hall, who lifted 1102 pounds in 2016. After the event, Björnsson said that he was extremely proud and happy. He added that many people did not believe in him; however, he had a lot of support, too. Björnsson is better known for his role as Gregor ´The Mountain´ Clegane in the popular TV series Game of Thrones.
This news is from Britain. Many young dogs and cats are live in terrible conditions . The British government wants to stop this. They want to make sure that the animals are fine and healthy. They visit and check puppy farms. There is a new law, also. Pet shops cannot sell animals under 6 months old.	The British government is targeting puppy farms to ensure animal welfare . One politician said that there is a big problem in Britain (and in Europe as well) with puppy farming. Many of the animals are brought up in terrible conditions and their lives are ruined. There is going to be a new law – pet shops will not be able to sell kittens or puppies under 6 months old.	In Great Britain, the government is targeting puppy farms to ensure animal welfare in its new plans to ban third-party sales of puppies and kittens. Michael Gove, the Environment Secretary, said that there is a big problem in Britain (and in Europe) with puppy farming because, at the moment, there are thousands of animals brought up in horrendous conditions and their lives are blighted . The ban means that pet shops and other commercial dealers will no longer be able to sell kittens or puppies, and those looking for a pet under 6 months old will have to deal with breeders or rescue centres.
A cruise ship is at sea. It is off Norway. There are 1,300 passengers on the ship. The ship stops working. It cannot move. The weather is bad. The wind blows fast. There are 8-metre waves. The ship moves from side to side. The people inside are in danger. Helicopters start moving the passengers from the ship to land. Some people go to hospital. The ship starts to work again. It is moving slowly to a port .	A cruise ship with 1,300 passengers broke down off the coast of Norway. Strong winds and 8-metre waves turned the boat from side to side. The situation was dangerous to the passengers and helicopters started evacuating them. From the first 371 evacuated passengers, 17 went to hospital. It was still not safe on the ship, but three of the ship’s four engines started working again. The ship is moving slowly to a nearby port.	What was supposed to be a holiday of a lifetime turned into a dangerous experience for 1,300 passengers on a cruise ship off the coast of Norway. The ship broke down in rough seas and 70 kilometre-per-hour winds and waves over 8 metres caused it to rock heavily side to side, turning furniture into dangerous hazards . On Saturday, people decided that the helicopters would evacuate the ship. From the first 371 evacuated passengers, 17 went to hospital. The situation remains critical, though the ship is understood to have restored three of its four engines, and it is limping back to a nearby port.
The company Ford makes cars. Now, the production changes. Ford starts to make things for hospitals. Doctors and police officers are in contact with coronavirus patients. Their jobs are very dangerous. They can catch coronavirus easily. They need respirators and face masks. There are not enough respirators for everyone. Companies want to help. Big US car companies start to make respirators and face shields . Different companies make different parts. They put the parts together. They must plan their work well. They must work fast. Ford wants to make 100,000 face shields every week. The company also plans to make single-use respirators.	The US automaker, Ford, is joining companies 3M and GE Healthcare to produce medical equipment. They want to help fight coronavirus. Hospital staff and police officers are the first people who look after patients with coronavirus. Their job is very risky because they can catch the virus easily. Ford is starting to make respirators that protect people from the virus. The company is also helping increase production on ventilators. Ventilators are machines that help patients breathe in hospitals. Ford also wants to make more than 100,000 plastic face shields per week and to make disposable respirators. The Ford CEO said that the production will be like a puzzle. Ford will make some parts, and other suppliers will make other parts. The companies plan the work together, and they can work very fast.	The US company, Ford, joins automakers General Motors, Chrysler, and Tesla that are turning their attention to combating coronavirus. Ford is teaming up with companies 3M and GE Healthcare to produce medical equipment for first responders working to address the coronavirus outbreak. The Ford CEO, Jim Hackett, said that the production will be like a puzzle. Some parts will be made inside Ford, and some parts will be made at outside suppliers. Hackett compared the coordination and the speed of work to a conventional assembly line . Ford is working with 3M to manufacture powered air-purifying respirators and with GE Healthcare to expand production of a version of GE´s existing ventilator design. Ford also plans to assemble more than 100,000 plastic face shields per week, and the company will also use its 3D capabilities to help make disposable respirator masks.
An accident happens in Germany. A man is in a cave . Rocks fall on him. They injure the man man. He cannot get out of the cave. He must stay in there. He is 1,000 metres deep. His friend climbs out of the cave. It takes him twelve hours. When he is out, he calls for help. A special team comes. The people in the team go into the cave. They help the man. They want to take him out. It is not easy. It is dangerous inside the cave. It can take days to get out.	A man got trapped in a cave 1,000 metres deep in southern Germany. Rocks fell on him, and he was was left there with injuries to his head and his chest. He couldn’t climb back to the surface by himself. It took his friend 12 hours to climb out and call for help. A specialist cave rescue team reached the man, but the way out was long and dangerous. There are a lot of narrow tunnels and steep shafts . Rocks could fall at any time, and it was also dark inside. The cave was one of the deepest and most difficult ones in Europe.	More than 100 rescuers are attempting to free a man who is trapped in a cave 1,000 metres deep in southern Germany. The 52 year-old man, who is one of the researchers who discovered the cave, was left with injuries to his head and chest after rocks fell on him on Sunday. He can’t climb back to the surface by himself, as there are steep shafts and narrow tunnels. “It’s also dark inside, but there are a lot of winding corridors , there are ravines filled with water and very steep places where abseiling is necessary. There is also a permanent danger of rocks falling which is why the operation is so complicated.” The man is trapped in one of the most difficult and deepest caves in Europe and it took his friend 12 hours to climb out and call for help. A specialist Swiss cave rescue team has now reached him, but it could be days before they see the surface .
A fire starts near Sydney, Australia. It burns through 1,000 hectares of land. Over 500 firefighters are fighting this fire. The police want to know the cause of the fire. The leader of Australia says that the situation is not getting better. He adds , however, that people are working very hard to control the fire. No one gets hurt from the fire.	A fire broke out in the bushlands to the southwest of Sydney, Australia. Over 500 firefighters are fighting this fire, which has burned through 1,000 hectares of land. The police are investigating what started the fire. The leader of Australia said that the situation is not getting better, but people are working very hard to control it. Nobody has been injured yet.	A fire broke out in bushland southwest of Sydney, Australia, and now over 500 firefighters are fighting the bushfire, which has burned through 1,000 hectares of land. The police are investigating what started this fire. The prime minister of Australia said that while the situation is not getting better, there are ‘outstanding efforts to control this fire’. No one has reported any injuries so far. Suburbs along a river are under emergency warnings if the fire comes closer.
There is a rally in Zimbabwe. It is the new president’s rally. Somebody wants to kill people or the president. A bomb explodes at the rally. It injures at least 49 people. The president is OK. It injures two vice presidents , too.	In Zimbabwe, at least 49 people were injured in an explosion. The attack happened at the president’s campaign rally last Sunday. The president went to a nearby government building to be safe, and two vice presidents were among the injured. The country’s media is calling the explosion ‘an assassination attempt ’ on the new president.	At least 49 people were injured after an explosion at the Zimbabwe president’s campaign rally in Bulawayo last Sunday. According to officials , the president was taken to a nearby government building to be safe. Two vice presidents were among the injured. The country’s media is calling the explosion ‘an assassination attempt ’ on the new president.
It is Halloween. People like to be scared on Halloween. A company wants to scare people. They do this in the toilet. They change the mirrors in the toilets. These mirrors can see you. They know where your face is. When you get close, your face in the mirror changes. You can look like a zombie , a scary clown or a werewolf . The mirrors scare people, but then they like it. However, one woman is really shocked. She runs away.	A company created a scary Halloween prank . It changed toilet mirrors in a cinema into special displays. These displays had cameras, and the cameras could track people’s faces – the displays knew where somebody’s face was. When the person got close enough, their face in the mirror changed into something scary. You could be a scary clown, a werewolf or a zombie. The mirrors scared most people at first, but then they had fun with the technology. One woman was so shocked that she ran away.	Mirror, mirror on the wall, who’s the creepiest of them all? That’s what late night Odeon goers were asking themselves on a dark Wednesday evening when Pepsi Max created its own Halloween prank . Visitors to the cinema in Bayswater bought more than they  bargained for, as the toilet’s mirrors were transformed using facial-tracking technology. As the unsuspecting targets washed their hands and checked themselves out in the mirrors, their reflection’s transformed into Halloween horrors. The gruesome and hilarious faces included crazed-grinning clowns, vicious werewolves , and flesh -eating zombies. And luckily, most people soon got over their fear and confusion and had some fun with the new technology. But, the stunt did prove too much for some people with one person leaving the toilets in rather a hurry.
Swaziland is a country in the south of Africa. It is very dry there. This is dangerous for elephants. People move 17 elephants to the USA. One of the elephants is pregnant . The baby is born at the Dallas Zoo this month. He is 91 centimetres tall. He is 79 kilograms heavy. The zoo releases a video of the baby elephant. People want to see the baby. They must wait. He must spend some time with his mother.	This year, at least 17 elephants came to American zoos from Swaziland. Experts were afraid that the elephants would die there because of extreme drought . One of the elephants was pregnant, and her baby was born at the Dallas Zoo on May 14th. The baby elephant measures 91 centimetres and weighs 79 kilograms. The zoo released a video of him in the pen . The public is very excited to see the little elephant, but they must wait a few months. The baby elephant must spend some time with his mother first.	If you’re having a hard week, just watch this new baby elephant frolicking in his pen ! The Dallas Zoo has added a baby elephant to its family and have released this new video of the little guy collapsing in a heap of hay . A male African elephant calf was born on May 14th to Mlilo, who was one of several elephants rescued from drought-plagued Swaziland earlier this year. The baby elephant, who hasn’t been named, measures 3 feet tall (91 centimetres) and weighs 175 pounds (79 kilograms). His birth, which zoo staff describe as uneventful , is being hailed as a victory for the zoo, who were concerned that Mlilo’s pregnancy could be impacted by the move from Swaziland to Dallas. At least 17 elephants have been brought to US zoos from Swaziland this year, after experts decided the elephants would perish in Africa due to the lack of water and grass. After his birth, the baby elephant’s took close to his mother, following her around their pen. While the public are very excited to see this little elephant, he isn’t expected to make his public debut for a few months. Zoo officials say he will spend that time bonding with his mother and the rest of the elephants.
Christmas is coming. Melania Trump decorates the White House. The decorations are about Christmas. They are also about American treasures . For example, there are skylines of some cities. Some people like the decorations. Some people do not. There are some red Christmas trees. Some people think that they look like blood. They do not like them. They think that they look like they are from a horror film.	Christmas has arrived at the White House, and it was Melania Trump who designed this and last year’s Christmas decor. The official name of this year’s Christmas theme is ‘American Treasures ’, and it features the skylines of some American cities. Some people like the decorations, and some people do not. Online, some people commented about a corridor decorated with red leave. They thought that it looked like a scene from a scary movie. Some people did not like the 2017 decorations, either. They thought that they looked scary and not Christmas-y .	Christmas arrived at the White House and the First Lady Melania Trump has been the designer of this and last year’s Christmas decor. The official name of this year’s Christmas theme is ‘American Treasures ’ which features the skylines of several major American cities. Not all of the decorations are to everyone’s liking though – some people commented on a corridor decorated with red trees. They thought that it conveyed feelings of horror and compared it with a scene from the horror film ’The Shining’. To others, it looked like the robes from the dystopian TV show ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’. Last year, many people found Melania’s theme spooky and eerie rather than festive.
In China, the ground opens up. A big hole is in the ground. The hole is in the parking space before a shopping mall. 21 cars fall into this hole. Luckily, no people are in the parking space. However, the cars are wrecked . Chinese authorities do not know what happens. It seems that water makes the hole. Heavy rains are in China now. This weather is very unusual. However, holes in the ground are more common in the last years. Experts think that the reason is the weather. Too much water takes the soil away. Suddenly, roads or pavements collapse . People do not know when and where it can happen.	In China, a CCTV camera caught an unusual thing in front of a shopping mall. The ground opened up, and at least 21 cars fell into a hole. Reports said that rescuers recovered 15 cars; however, the cars were badly damaged. Luckily, nobody got hurt. Chinese authorities are investigating the accident. It seems that the weather caused it because currently there are heavy rains in this part of China. The weather has become extreme in recent years, and it is the reason why sinkholes are more and more common around the world. They damage cars and sometimes, people get hurt, too. It is not possible to tell where and when sinkholes will appear.	On Wednesday evening, a state CCTV caught the ground open up in front of a shopping mall in China. An entire outdoor parking space collapsed when a massive sinkhole opened up and it devoured at least 21 cars. According to reports, 15 vehicles were recovered from the site, mostly wrecked, and there were no casualties . Authorities in the country are still investigating the cause of the accident; however, the current weather in the area could be the culprit . The shopping mall is situated in Sichuan province which is experiencing torrential rainfalls currently. Sinkholes have become more common all over the world in the past few years, and they have damaged many vehicles and caused injuries to their unsuspecting victims.
Quito is a city in Ecuador. People organise the Festival of Light there every year. It is bigger every year. This year, more than two million people come. The festival celebrates Ecuador’s important historic day. This is the day when Ecuador became a country. It was not a Spanish land anymore. There are 19 light installations at the festival.	The city of Quito, Ecuador, lit up in the Festival of Light. It takes place every year and celebrates Ecuador’s declaration of independence from Spanish colonial rule. The festival grows every year, as two million people visited last year and the number was even higher this year. All of the 19 installations were about light.	The city of Quito, Ecuador, lit up for the annual Festival of Light which celebrates Ecuador’s declaration of independence from Spanish colonial rule. This year marks the 40th year of the city as a World Heritage Site , and the festival is ever growing. Two million people visited last year, a number which this time even exceeded . The cultural secretary of Quito said that there were 19 artistic installations around the city by a combination of French and Ecuadorian artists. The installations are all light-themed but vary – there are, for example, lit objects, projections or mappings.
The situation with the coronavirus is very serious in India. More than 410,000 people get sick every day. Around 4,000 people die every day. Some people want to make money from this situation. Four men do business with oxygen . They get fire extinguishers . The tanks have a red color. The men change the color to black. A black color means that oxygen is inside. The men sell the oxygen tanks on the Internet. The price is very high. The men keep the tanks in a restaurant and bar in New Delhi. Police come to the restaurant. They find 419 oxygen tanks there. They arrest the men. A similar situation happens in another part of the country. Police arrest three men there.	India reported more than 414,000 new COVID cases per day last week. Nearly 4,000 people died from COVID-19 every day. Four men wanted to take advantage of the serious situation, and they started to make a business with oxygen. They started to store oxygen cylinders secretly in a restaurant and bar in Lodhi Colony. They sold the cylinders online at very high prices. They used fire extinguishing cylinders which were red, and they painted them black because black was the color for oxygen. Police arrested the men, and they seized 419 oxygen concentrators. A similar thing happened in another part of the country where police arrested three men.	Delhi police seized 419 black market oxygen concentrators. Four people were arrested in New Delhi, India, for putting on the black market oxygen concentrators at exorbitant prices through online portals. Due to the scarcity of oxygen concentrators in the market during the pandemic, they started hoarding the life-saving equipment and they sold them at a high price. The four men hid the equipment in a restaurant and a bar at Central Market in Lodhi Colony. A distributor was removing the red paint of fire extinguishing cylinders, and he was converting them into oxygen cylinders by painting them black. This news came as India reported more than 414,000 new COVID-19 cases and nearly 4,000 deaths. However, experts said that figures were likely underplayed . Models suggest that the outbreak could peak in the coming days.
UK Leeds fans are happy. Their favorite team, Leeds United, returns to the British Premier League . It is a very special moment. The team is back in the league after 16 long years. The fans come together in the streets of Leeds. They start to celebrate. They drink and dance. The owner of Leeds United asks people to respect some rules. People must not stay too close to each other. However, happy fans ignore the rules. They celebrate all night. In the morning, the streets are a mess . Empty cans and bottles are everywhere. Some fans return to the place. They help workers clean up the mess. Two hours later, the streets are clean again.	Last week, something amazing happened to fans of Leeds United. The team won over Derby County, and it got to the Premier League. Leeds fans were very excited because their favorite team returned to the British Premier League after 16 years. Thousands of fans gathered in the streets of Leeds, and they started to celebrate. The club´s owner asked people to behave safely and not to stay too close to each other. However, the happy fans ignored the rules, and they partied all night. The next morning, the streets were full of empty cans and bottles, and it took more than two hours to clean up the mess . Some Leeds fans returned in the morning to help with the cleanup. Local media said that the police arrested nine people because they behaved violently.	Leeds United fans ignored social-distancing rules to celebrate their team´s promotion to the Premier League after 16 years. Thousands of jubilant fans gathered around Millennium Square in the Leeds city center, following a 3-1 win over Derby County. The packed crowd partied hard close to one another, despite the club´s owner urging people to celebrate safely. However, the crowd also left behind a complete mess, and city council workers had to clear streets that were completely covered in empty cans and bottles. The clean-up started the following morning in the early hours; however, more than a dozen Leeds United fans in Leeds shirts turned up, and they helped clean up the trash from the incredible promotion party. According to local media, several police officers were injured, and nine people were arrested for public order offenses .
Amazon is a US company. Amazon sells things to people. It is the world´s largest company that sells things online. Amazon´s biggest market outside the US is Germany. But some German Amazon workers are not happy. They want better money. They also are not happy with some things at work. Seven German warehouses plan to go on strike. The strike will start on November 25. It will last three days. It means that it will be on ´Black Friday´. Black Friday is the most important shopping day for companies. Companies offer things at better prices. Black Friday is the start of Christmas shopping time.	Amazon is a US company and the world´s largest online retailer . Amazon´s biggest market outside the US is Germany and German Amazon workers are planning to go on a strike that will last three days. The strike will take place in seven German Amazon warehouses and it should start on November 25. But on November 27, there is ´Black Friday´. For many stores, Black Friday is the start of Christmas shopping season, and they offer very big sales. In the US, it is the busiest shopping day of the year. Amazon workers want higher salaries and better working conditions . During the coronavirus pandemic, more people have shopped online and it means more business for Amazon.	The US retail giant Amazon is facing pressure in Germany, the company´s biggest market outside the US. Trade union Verdi called on workers at seven German Amazon warehouses to go on a three-day strike. However, the strike would coincide with ´Black Friday´ discount shopping sales on November 27. The strike is scheduled to begin with Wednesday´s night shift, with Verdi demanding better pay and working conditions. Verdi has been organizing strikes at Amazon Germany since 2013. An Amazon spokesman said earlier this month that the company offered excellent salaries and that benefits and working conditions were comparable with other companies. Amazon´s sales have soared globally as coronavirus restrictions have forced consumers to shop online. According to Verdi, this has strengthened the case for higher wages and the necessity to protect Amazon´s workers more sufficiently against the spread of the coronavirus.
It is Ramadan. During this time, Muslims fast . Some Muslims do not fast at night. They go out. Restaurants and cafés are busy at night. One night in Baghdad, a car explodes. Thirteen people die. Another 30 people are injured. The Islamic State Group does this. The group does not like Iraqi Shia  Muslims . The group thinks that they are heretics .	A car bomb exploded outside a popular ice cream shop in Baghdad. The place was full of people at the time of the explosion. Thirteen people died and 30 more were injured. The attack took place at midnight when some Muslims break fasting during Ramadan. The Islamic State Group, which sees Iraq’s Shia Muslims as heretics , claimed responsibility for the attack.	A car bomb exploded outside a popular ice cream shop in Baghdad, striking in the holy month of Ramadan when Muslims fast during daylight hours. Someone placed the bomb inside a parked car and detonated it remotely, killing 13 people and injuring at least 30 more. The explosion took place at around midnight when restaurants and cafes are full of families breaking their fast. The Islamic State Group, which considers Iraq’s Shia Muslims majority to be heretics , claimed responsibility for the attack saying the suicide bomber targeted a ‘gathering of Shia’. Meanwhile, Iraqi troops are slowly pushing the jihadists out of their stronghold in Mosul in the north of Iraq.
A cyberattack on a pipeline happens in the US. The attack is very big. People think that the company pays $5 million to the hackers. The company does not say if it is true. The company must stop the pipeline when the attack starts. Then people are scared. They start to buy a lot of gasoline . Soon the gas stations have no gasoline. The price of gasoline goes up. The situation is better after some time when ships and big cars come with gasoline and fill the empty gas stations.	There was a cyberattack on a gasoline company in the US. It was the worst attack in history. The hacking group said that it also hacked four other companies in other countries. Some people think that the company which was hacked paid $5 million to the hackers, but the company did not say if it paid any money. When the hack started, the company had to close the pipeline . People were scared and bought so much gasoline that soon gas stations didn’t have any gasoline, and then the price of gasoline climbed very high. The situation became better after some time when ships and trucks came to fill the empty gas stations.	A recent cyberattack on Colonial Pipeline for the east of the US was the most disruptive attack ever, and it triggered people to panic  buy gasoline. The hacking group Darkside said it also hacked four other companies such as a Toshiba company in Germany. Reportedly, Colonial Pipeline paid $5 million to the hackers, but the company did not confirm if it paid any money. Colonial Pipeline runs the largest pipeline of gasoline in the US, and when the hack began, the event shut down the pipeline. People panicked and bought so much gasoline that gas stations ran out of gas, and the price of gasoline climbed over $3.00, which was the most expensive since 2014. US gasoline use then fell; a gasoline website said it was likely due to the less panic buying over time. The situation improved recently after ships and trucks came to fill the empty gasoline tanks.
David Bowie dies in 2016. Aylesbury is a town in England. It was important for David Bowie. Two thousand people come together there. They remember Bowie together. They want to build him a statue. In two years, they collect £100,000. They unveil David Bowie’s statue in March 2018. It shows David Bowie and his alter egos . Some people also want to change the name of the town. It would go from Aylesbury to ‘Aylesbowie’. It would be the town’s 58th name.	Aylesbury is a town in England where David Bowie first debuted Ziggy Stardust, his alter ego. After Bowie died in 2016, two thousand people came together there to remember him. They thought that it would be a good idea to put a monument for the town and Bowie. An artist manager and fan raised £100,000 for the monument in two years. People recently unveiled the statue of David Bowie and his alter egos. There is also a petition to change the town’s name from Aylesbury to ‘Aylesbowie’. Aylesbury has in fact had 57 names over the centuries, so a new one would be the 58th.	Two years after David Bowie’s passing , people unveiled a statue of him and his alter egos in Aylesbury, the town where he debuted his alter ego Ziggy Stardust . This is all thanks to David Stopps, an artist manager and Bowie fan, who campaigned to raise £100,000 over two years. He recollected the gathering of around 2,000 people a few days after Bowie died and how they had thought to put up a monument for the town and David Bowie. There is also a petition in motion to change the town’s name from Aylesbury to ‘Aylesbowie’. Naturally, the fan behind the sculpture thinks that it is a great idea, adding that Aylesbury has in fact had 57 different names over the centuries, so a new one would just be the 58th.
There is an exhibition in Japan. It is about robots. One robot can play tennis with you. It can see the ball and serve it. Another robot looks like a woman. It knows sign language . One robot is really cool. It is a big dinosaur. You control it with your mobile phone.	Japan held its biggest tech exhibition recently. Companies showed off their latest inventions and robots. There was a table tennis robot which you can play ping pong with. It uses motion tracking to see the ball and serve it. If you like personal robots, there was an interesting one for this. One company showed a new robot which knows sign language. But if you want something really cool, you’ll probably love the robot dinosaur. It is a giant T-Rex. You can even control it with your mobile phone.	Whether you’re in the mood for a bit of ping pong or just fancy a chat, what you might need is a robot. And that’s exactly what you can find at Japan’s biggest tech exhibition, as companies showed off their latest inventions and innovative robotics. Omron corporation showed off its table tennis robot, which uses motion tracking to match its serves to a player and a rally of plays that are easy for an opponent to hit. And for those looking for a robot with a more personal touch, Toshiba has just the thing with their sign language “Communication Android”. But if you fancy the ultimate gadget, surely it’s got to be a giant T-Rex. The remote controlled robot dinosaur illustrates the potential-remote powered robots could have in the future, although they might not all be dinosaur-shaped.
Paraguay has a beauty contest . It happens once a year. This year is its fourth. It is a contest for plus-size women. It shows that all women can be beautiful. Each woman wants to win. Each wants to be ‘Miss Gordita’. This means ‘Miss Chubby ’ in English. The women wear beautiful dresses. They also wear swimsuits. They show off like in other beauty contests. A 20-year-old woman wins. She gets a tiara . She says that she will wear it proudly in her name. She will also wear it proudly in Paraguay’s name.	Paraguay held its fourth annual beauty contest for plus-size women to show that ‘beauty does not have a size’. The women competed for the honour of ‘Miss Gordita’ in Spanish (or ‘Miss Chubby ’ in English), and they showed off in dresses or swimsuits just like in other pageants . This year, a 20-year-old woman won, and she said that she would wear her tiara proudly in her name and in her country’s name.	The country of Paraguay held its fourth annual beauty contest for plus-size women to send a message that ‘beauty does not have a size’. The women competed for the title of ‘Miss Gordita’ which in English means ‘Miss Chubby’, and the contestants strutted in evening gowns or swimsuits just like in any other pageant . This year, 20-year-old Gabriela Venialgo won the title and tiara . She said that she would wear the tiara proudly in her name and in her country’s name.
A vegetarian festival is in Thailand every year. The festival lasts nine days. Millions of people stop eating meat for nine days. But many people do not eat meat also after the festival. Vegetarian products are very popular in Thailand. Food companies often use pea or soy proteins instead of meat. People are happy. The products taste similar to meat. Some companies use jackfruit. Jackfruit is a big fruit. It is yellow inside. It is perfect for vegetarian meals. It looks and tastes like pork. More people around the world start to eat vegetarian food. Social media helps this trend . People have more information about meat. People like to cook vegetarian meals.	Every year, there is a nine day vegetarian festival in Thailand, when millions of people stop eating meat for nine days. More people give up meat for even longer, and they do it more often. Food producers usually use pea or soy proteins to make meatless products, but there are other possibilities, too. Jackfruit has become a popular substitute for meat. Jackfruit is a big spiky fruit with yellow color inside. It is sweet, but when it is not ripe, it has no specific taste which makes it perfect for dishes based from plants. The business with products based from plants is growing very fast, and producers expect it to grow even more in the future.	Some of the common plant-based meats are made from pea or soy proteins; however, plant-based meat can also be made from jackfruit. Jackfruit is a huge spiky fruit that has many small bulbs with yellow flesh inside the shell. When jackfruit is ripe , it tastes sweet; however, when it is unripe, it has no particular flavor. Its texture is quite similar to the consistency of real meat, and this makes jackfruit perfect for plant-based meat dishes like barbecued pulled pork. In October, Thailand celebrated the 9-day vegetarian festival when many people give up eating animal products, and more people are going meatless for longer and more frequently. There has been a big increase in interest for vegetarian and vegan food over recent years, and Thai food producers are expecting future expansion of plant-based meat products.
A villa in Switzerland is very special. It is a place of the first meeting between the US president Joe Biden and the Russian president Vladimir Putin. The presidents want to speak about many things. The Swiss police and army close two parks which are near the place of the meeting. Switzerland is a neutral country. It is a good place for the meeting. Biden is on his first trip abroad as a president. First, he travels to England for a G7 meeting. G7 is a group of big and strong countries in the world. Then he goes to Switzerland for his meeting with Putin. Biden stays in Europe for eight days. He wants to speak with many European politicians during his visit.	An 18th century Swiss villa near Lake Geneva will be the first meeting between US president Joe Biden and Russian president Vladimir Putin. The presidents will speak about many topics. The Swiss police and army closed two parks which are near the place of the meeting. Neutral Switzerland did not join western punishment against Russia after Moscow took control of Ukraine’s Crimea region in 2014. Biden is on his first trip abroad since becoming the US president. First, he will go to a G7 meeting in the UK. Then he is going to his meeting with Putin in Geneva. During his eight-day mission in Europe, Biden wants to rebuild the relationships between the US and Europe which weren’t optimal when Trump was president.	An 18th century Swiss villa overlooking Lake Geneva will play host to the first meeting between US president Joe Biden and Russian president Vladimir Putin. The place which is looking quiet and calm will likely be a scene of tense adversarial talks, bitter arguments over election interference , cyber attacks, human rights, and fighting in Ukraine. The Swiss police and army have closed the two parks surrounding the area and installed barricades and barbed wire. Neutral Switzerland did not join western sanctions against Russia after Moscow took Ukraine’s Crimea region in 2014, and Switzerland fought hard to be the place of the first Biden-Putin meeting. Biden has recently departed on his first trip abroad since taking office. He will be attending a G7 meeting in the UK and then going to his meeting with Putin in Geneva. The eight-day mission to Europe aims to rebuild transatlantic  ties which were under pressure during the Trump era.
There is a competition in England. Ten drivers take part in it. They must go fast and jump over eight old cars. This is dangerous. People can be injured. Doctors are at the competition to help. A window cleaner wins the competition. He drives an old Ford Mondeo. He wins 50 pounds. He also wins respect from the other competitors . He probably also wins some beer from his friends.	Ten brave drivers competed in the 2016 car jumping contest in England. They revved up their engines and took flight. The goal was to fly over eight old cars and land safely on the opposite side. The sport is dangerous and it often injures competitors. Medical workers waited nearby, ready to help the drivers. The winner was a window cleaner who was crowned car-jumping king. He drove an old Ford Mondeo and he was very happy that he won. He won 50 pounds, respect from the other competitors and probably a round or two of beers from his friends.	Going, going, gone, or not quite in this case! Ten brave drivers took to West Sussex to compete in the 2016 car jumping contest, revving  up their engines and taking flight, the objective is to glide over 8 old cars and land safely on the opposite side, which sometimes doesn’t quite go to plan. Paramedics waited on standby, ready to treat the daring drivers for injuries. Because of the dangerous nature of this sport, competitors often incur skeletal and soft tissue damage as well as whiplash . And how do you assess such a sport? Judges looked for elevation , distance, and crowd response. In the end, it was Stuart Pateman, a window cleaner from Surrey, who was crowned car-jumping king. Driving an old Ford Mondeo, first time competitor Pateman was thrilled with his win. “How did it feel?” “Brilliant.” “Why?” “I don’t know. It was awesome.” At a mere 50 pounds, the prize money may not quite be Grand Prix level yet, but the winner will likely earn the respect of his peers , and probably a round or two of beers from his friends.
In 2007, Madeleine McCann is on holiday in Portugal. Madeleine is four years old. She sleeps in an apartment with her two brothers. Her parents are in a restaurant with their friends. Madeleine´s parents come to the apartment to check on the children. At 10 pm, Madeleine is not in the apartment. Police do not know where the girl is. The police make a mistake. They think that Madeleine´s parents do something to the girl. However, later, the police find out that it is not true. For 13 years, the police do not know what happens to the girl. Now, the police have new information. The police suspect a German man. The man is 43 years old. He lives in Portugal in 2007. People see him near the hotel. The police believe that the man does something to Madeleine.	In 2007, a four-year-old Madeleine McCann and her family were on holiday in Algarve, Portugal. Madeleine and her siblings were sleeping in an apartment, and her parents and their friends were having dinner in a nearby restaurant. The restaurant was 180 feet away, and Madeleine´s parents checked on the children throughout the night. At 10 pm, Madeleine´s mother found out that the girl was not in her bed. Police never found out what happened to Madeleine; however, for some time, they thought that her parents did something to her. Now, there is a new suspect in Madeleine´s case, a 43-year-old German man who lived in Algarve when Madeleine disappeared . The man drove a white camper van that people saw near the resort a few days before Madeleine disappeared. The police have not found Madeleine; however, they believe that the girl is not alive.	Madeleine McCann disappeared on the evening of May 3, 2007, shortly before her fourth birthday. The incident happened in a holiday apartment at a resort in the Algarve region, Portugal. Madeleine and her two-year old twin siblings had been left asleep, while her parents dined with friends in a restaurant 180 feet away. The parents checked on the children throughout the evening, until their mother discovered that Madeleine was missing at 10 pm. A new person has been identified as a suspect in the disappearance of Madeleine. The police have not named the man; however, they revealed that he was a 43-year-old German man who lived on the Algarve coast at the time of Madeleine´s disappearance. A phone call was made to his Portuguese mobile phone around an hour before Madeleine went missing. The police said that the suspect was linked to a white camper van that he was driving in the area days before the incident took place.
A man comes to a restaurant. It is lunch time. There are twenty people in the restaurant. The man has two guns. He begins to shoot the guns. He kills eight people. He injures more people. After this, he kills himself. The man was around 60 years old. He was mentally unstable . This happened in the Czech Republic. It is a country in Central Europe. This was not a terror attack.	A man burst into a restaurant in a Czech town. It was around lunch time, and there were around twenty people in there. The man had two guns with him and he began shooting. He killed eight people and he injured a few more. One woman suffered serious chest wounds . The man then killed himself. The mentally unstable man was in his sixties. This was not a terror attack.	At least eight people and a suspected gunman have been killed in a shooting in a restaurant in the Czech Republic. Locals say the gunman, who’s thought to be in his sixties, burst  into the restaurant in the town of Uherský Brod at around lunch time. It’s been reported he had two guns and began shooting indiscriminately . Several people were injured in the attack with one woman said to have suffered serious chest wounds . Some twenty people were thought to have been in the restaurant at the time. The town mayor has ruled out the possibility that it was a terror attack, saying it was an isolated incident . Police have said the gunman was mentally  unstable .
This news is from a town in Canada. Something unusual happens there. The tap water turns pink. People are shocked. They have no information about this. They do not know if the water is safe. Later, the people find out what happened. A chemical makes the water pink. The chemical is not dangerous. It is used for cleaning.	People in a Canadian town were shocked when their tap water turned pink. They had no idea why this was, and whether the water was safe. They were later told that the water was safe. It was pink because of potassium permanganate , which was used to wash the town’s water filters.	Residents of Onoway, a Canadian town, were shocked when they discovered that their tap water was pink. The local authorities had not released any information at the time, so people didn’t know whether the water was safe or not. Only later were they informed that the water was safe, even despite its unusual bubblegum shade. The colour was caused by a leak of potassium permanganate , which people used to wash the town’s water filters.
SpaceX is a company . This company makes rockets. Elon Musk is the boss of this company. The company launches a rocket. It goes to space. It carries a satellite. This part goes fine. The rocket then goes back to Earth . Elon Musk puts a video on the Internet. It shows the rocket. It is landing . The rocket has four legs. One leg is broken. The rocket falls down and explodes.	Elon Musk, the CEO of SpaceX, posted a video online of the company’s rocket. It shows the rocket landing on a barge . The rocket landed, but one of its legs broke, and the rocket fell over and exploded. Before the rocket’s unsuccessful return to Earth , it safely delivered an ocean-monitoring satellite into orbit . Accidents happen, but the company managed to land a rocket just last month. It was a historic moment.	To infinity and beyond! Well, not quite… This is the SpaceX Falcon ‘s fall from grace . The rocket exploded on landing after successfully delivering an ocean-monitoring satellite to orbit . The footage was posted online by the company’s CEO Elon Musk, identifying the cause of the problem as one of the rocket’s legs collapsing as it tried to land on a floating ocean barge . And this isn’t the first glitch that SpaceX has suffered. The company hasn’t launched a rocket since the Falcon 9 exploded in June. But despite these hiccups , the company managed a historic first controlled return of an orbital stage just last month. The launch may have been a success, but this seems to be a case of failure to land .
Many tourists visit Africa. They like the white sandy beaches with palm trees. They travel on safaris. A safari is when you watch wild animals. Also, some people go skiing in Africa. Most people like skiing in the Alps. Five mountain ranges in Africa have enough snow for skiing. Lesotho, in southern Africa, is one of the places. People ski and snowboard under a bright sun. It is a very unusual experience . Around 17,000 people come here every year. Last year is very hard. The coronavirus happens. People cannot travel to Africa. The resort in Lesotho is empty. Normally many people come. About a half of people come this year.	When you imagine Africa, you probably imagine white sandy beaches or lions wandering across savannas . Surprisingly, the continent is also attractive for skiers who are looking for more unusual destinations . There are five mountain ranges in Africa which have enough snow for skiing. One of them is the mountain kingdom of Lesotho in southern Africa. People are surprised how good the snow is. Under a bright sun, skiers and snowboarders can enjoy the snow which they would expect to find in the Alps. Last year was very bad for the resort in Lesotho. Many places closed, and it was not possible to travel to Africa because of the coronavirus. Usually, around 17,000 people visit the place every year. In 2020, there were almost no visitors, and this year, the number of visitors was about a half of the usual number.	A vacation in Africa usually conjures images of palm-fringed beaches or safari tours. However, the mountain kingdom of Lesotho in southern Africa is attracting tourists who seek a more adventurous skiing destination. Under a bright sun, skiers and snowboarders are enjoying the kind of powder you might find in the Alps. The continent has five mountain ranges with enough seasonal snow to create the potential for ski slopes. Most people don´t think of Africa for a ski holiday, and they are amazed at what they find. The ski resort in Lesotho, like many other travel destinations, has struggled during the global health crisis. South Africa has been hit hard and is on most countries´ red lists . The resort´s owner said that tourist numbers fell to almost nothing in 2020 and are only half the usual 17,000 this year.
This news is about a man. He loses his sight . He is blind . He is from Minnesota. Minnesota is in the USA. The man is blind for 10 years. Doctors cannot help his eyes. They give him a special thing. It looks like sunglasses. This device goes in the man’s eyes. It sees for him. It sends the information to his brain . The man can see now. He is very happy.	An American from Minnesota began to lose his sight around 20 years ago. In 2005, he was completely blind. His disease was serious, and doctors could not help him. However, ten years later, the man can see again! Doctors gave him a special device . They call it a bionic eye, but it looks like sunglasses. It sees instead of the man’s eyes and it sends the information to his brain. Someone filmed the moment when the man saw for the first time in ten years. It is a very emotional video.	A blind man from Minnesota has been able to see for the first time in 10 years after doctors gave him a device they describe as a bionic eye. This emotional video shows the moment Allen Zderad saw his wife for the first time in a decade . The 68-year-old began losing his sight around twenty years ago because of a degenerative and incurable eye disease. By 2005, he’d lost almost all of his vision and had to stop working. “Yes! It’s an interpretation of the shape, of the light that’s flashing!” But now Mr Zderad is able to see again thanks to this groundbreaking procedure performed by surgeons at the Mayo Clinic. “It’s the flash and then I’ve got to be able to interpret the changes in that shape.” “That’s exactly right!” “Alright, let’s do it again.” With the help of the bionic eye, he can now make out shapes in human forms, including his own reflection in the window. Mr Zderad was fitted with a second sight implant which bypasses the damaged retina and sends light wave signals to the optic nerve. He’d also had an electronic chip embedded in his right eye which works in  conjunction with the prosthetic device set in a pair of special glasses. “Well, it’s gonna take a lot of training!”
This news is from California. A bear gets inside a car. It cannot get out. It is stuck . A sheriff’s deputy wants to help the bear. He breaks the window. The bear gets out of the car. It is free. Someone filmed all of this on video.	In California, a bear got stuck inside a car, and a sheriff’s deputy broke the window to free the bear. It got out and ran away. Someone filmed the moment on video.	A bear near Lake Tahoe in California trapped itself inside a car. Someone filmed the moment that a county sheriff’s deputy broke the window and allowed the bear to flee .
Mount Etna is a volcano. A volcano is a mountain that sometimes becomes dangerous. Mount Etna is on the island of Sicily, Italy. Only three active volcanoes are in Europe. Mount Etna is the highest of them. It is 3,326 meters high. Mount Etna is almost always active. Active is a situation when it can erupt or explode. Lava and ash can come out from it. Small earthquakes happen near Mount Etna from time to time. They are not usually very dangerous. Last week, Mount Etna becomes active again. It erupts. People can watch lava and a big cloud of ash. Officials say that the situation is not dangerous. Nobody is hurt.	Mount Etna is the highest volcano in Europe. It is near Catania, which is the second largest city on the island of Sicily, Italy. There are only three active volcanoes in Italy, but Mount Etna is a lot higher than the other two volcanoes. It is 3,326 meters high and it is almost always active. The last eruption happened in December 2018, and two days later, an earthquake destroyed several buildings in Catania. This week, Mount Etna erupted again, and it sent a cloud of ash into the air. People watched lava coming out from the volcano. Luckily the eruption was not dangerous for people, and officials did not report any damage.	A series of explosions preceded the latest eruption of Europe´s highest active volcano, Mount Etna. The Italian volcano is located near Catania, the second largest city on the island of Sicily. Mount Etna erupted this week, sending a cloud of ash and spewing fountains of lava into the air; however, local authorities reported no danger to the towns situated on the volcano´s slopes. With a height of 3,326 meters, Mount Etna is by far the largest of the three active volcanoes in Italy, being about two and a half times the height of the next largest, Mount Vesuvius. Mount Etna is one of the world´s most active volcanoes, and it is in an almost constant state of activity. The most recent eruption on December 24, 2018, was followed by an earthquake that shook Catania, damaged buildings, and injured four people.
Do you like James Bond movies? People film a new one. It is called ‘SPECTRE’. Daniel Craig plays James Bond. The filming began last year. People saw Craig on a boat in London. People filmed the movie also in Austria. Bond and a new Bond Girl are on a mountain. They are in an area where people ski. Some people there are happy. They want to see James Bond.	Filming for the new Bond film ‘SPECTRE’ began in December last year. Daniel Craig appeared on a boat on the river Thames in London. The filming continues in the Austrian Alps. Craig and the latest Bond Girl were seen atop a mountain. The shooting excited some skiers and they were hoping to see Bond. Others were annoyed because the filming closed a part of the ski resort .	Filming has continued on the new James Bond film ‘SPECTRE’ on Wednesday, with actors Daniel Craig and Lea Seydoux atop a mountain in Austria. Craig posed for photographs with the latest Bond Girl at the Solden Ski Resort. Local skiers face some piste closures as a result of the shoot, but they seem to see the excitement in the situation. Holiday skier Valerie Huber explained that many people are annoyed that part of the piste is closed, but she thinks it’s exciting and is hoping she gets to see Bond during her holiday. Filming for ‘SPECTRE’ began in December in London when Craig appeared on a boat on the river Thames. The film is set for release on November 6 th , 2015.
This news is about a farmer. He is from Kansas, USA. He creates cow art. The farmer is in a feed truck . This truck carries food for cows. He drives in a field and puts the food on the ground. He must put the food in the right place. Later, the cows come. They want to eat the food. A drone films them. They are small and black in the video. Together, they look like a big smiley face! 🙂	A farmer from Kansas, USA decided to create cow art. He used his cattle , a feed truck and drones to create a huge smiley face. If you check out the video, you will see how he herds the cows. He places the cow food on the ground and the cows come to eat it. A drone films everything from up above. People also know the farmer for using a trombone, which is a musical instrument, to herd his cows.	One farmer from Kansas, USA decided to create cow art. He used his cattle, a feed truck and drones to create a huge smiley face out of cows. If that is not enough to make you smile, the farmer and artist is also known for using his trombone to herd the cows, saying that they have happy cows in Kansas.
Killer whales swim through a bay . The bay is near Tokyo. It is very exciting to see killer whales near Tokyo. It is rare . The Coast Guard tells ships to be careful. Ships can hit whales sometimes. Killer whales have another name. They are also called orca whales. They live in all oceans. They live in cold oceans. They live in warm oceans. There are many killer whales. We think that there are 50,000 of them in the world.	In Japan, ships near Tokyo Bay had to move carefully because killer whales swam through the area. People want to be careful because ships collided with whales and other animals in the bay. It is rare to see killer whales in this area. The killer whale is also called the orca whale, and it lives in all oceans, including the freezing Arctic and Antarctic and the tropical seas. They are hard to count because there are so many of them, but the estimate is that there are 50,000 in the world.	Ships sailing through Tokyo Bay have been warned of killer whales spotted in the area. The Japanese Coast Guard says three to four were filmed just over 3 miles off the coast of Kanaya Bay in Chiba Prefecture on Monday. Video footage shows them swimming elegantly, undeterred by nearby ships. It’s understood the warning was given following accidents in the past where boats collided with whales and other sea animals. The Coast Guard says it is very rare for killer whales to be seen in Tokyo Bay. According to the authorities, they were also spotted by fishermen around the same area on Tuesday. The killer whale, also referred to as the orca whale or orca, is a toothed whale belonging to the oceanic dolphin family. They can be found in all oceans, from the Arctic and Antarctic regions to tropical seas. They can be difficult to census given their worldwide distribution, however, it’s estimated that their global population is at least 50,000.
In Virginia, USA, some government officials want to pass a law . The law can stop the sale of some guns and gun parts. However, other officials vote against the law. Virginia government officials are in an ongoing debate about gun control. They may pass other new laws. One law says that you can buy only one handgun a month. Another law says that the government needs to look at people’s histories when they buy guns.	In Virginia, USA, some politicians wanted to pass a law that would ban the sale of some guns and gun parts. However, other politicians, including four moderates , voted to reject the ban. The state has been in an ongoing discussion about gun control, and it is working to pass some new laws. One says that you can buy only one handgun a month, and another is to check all people’s histories when they buy guns.	In Virginia, USA, the governor and some lawmakers wanted to pass a law that would ban the sale of some semiautomatic firearms and magazines that hold more than 12 rounds . However, other lawmakers, including four moderate Democrats, voted to reject the ban. The state has been in an ongoing debate about gun control, and it is in the process of passing some new laws. One is to limit the buying of handguns to once a month and another is to require universal background checks on gun purchases.
An octopus  predicts the outcome of 8 matches in the 2010 World Cup. Now, there are two new animals. They predict the future, too. They are in a zoo in Germany. One is a koala and the other one is a sea lion . The sea lion predicts that Germany plays with Ukraine. The koala predicts that Ukraine wins.	Paul the Octopus rose to fame when he predicted the outcome of eight matches in the 2010 World Cup. Now, another football tournament is starting and new animals are trying to predict the future. People picked Oobi-Ooobi the koala and Astrid the sea lion at a German zoo. The director of the zoo said that they are impartial to European football. The koala predicted that Germany would draw Ukraine, and the sea lion predicted a win for Ukraine.	As another football tournament kicks off it’s not the players that are garnering all the attention but rather a collection of animals hoping to prove their psychic powers. We all remember Paul the Octopus who rose to fame when he predicted the outcome of eight matches in the 2010 World Cup. Now Oobi-Ooobi the koala and Astrid the sea lion are battling for title of the most reliable oracle for the month-long tournament played in France. The German zoo director said the animals were both picked due to their impartial nature to European football. After a long moment of deliberation , Oobi-Ooobi picked neither the jar, predicting that Germany will draw with Ukraine. Astrid the sea lion, on the other hand, foresaw a win for Ukraine, presenting his German keepers with the bad news.
David Attenborough comes from the UK. He is 94 years old. He is a natural historian . He is popular in all the world. Attenborough works for the BBC for many years. He makes many documentaries about nature. Attenborough narrates a popular documentary for Netflix in 2019. It is called ‘Our Planet’. Millions of people watch it. People start to be more interested in the natural world. Attenborough speaks to the United Nations last week. He is worried about our future. It is not possible to stop climate change . Many people will have big problems. Wars can start. He says people from all the world must work together. The coronavirus shows us that all the world is connected.	David Attenborough is an English broadcaster , and he narrated many documentaries about nature. In 2020, he was among the 100 greatest Britons. In 2019, Attenborough narrated a very popular documentary series for Netflix. Millions of people watched it, and they started to think about the environment and about our planet more. Last week, Attenborough spoke to the United Nations Council. He said that it was not possible to stop climate change anymore. He said that poor people would have many problems and it could bring wars. He said that in the last 12 months, people learned that they needed to work together. It was the only way to solve global problems.	Sir David Attenborough addressed the United Nations Security Council on Tuesday, stressing the dangers of climate change on global security. Attenborough is an English broadcaster and natural historian, and in 2020, he was named among the 100 greatest Britons. In 2019, he narrated ‘Our Planet’, an eight-part documentary series, for Netflix. Attenborough told the UN council that it was too late to avoid climate change and that the poorest and most vulnerable people are certain to suffer. According to Attenborough, the most significant lesson brought by the last 12 months has been that we´re no longer separate nations looking after our own needs and security. We are a single truly global species whose greatest threats are shared and whose security must come from acting together in the interests of us all.
Neolix is a Chinese company. The company makes special vans . These vans do not have a driver. Neolix uses these vans during the coronavirus. The vans clean streets. They deliver food and medicine to hospitals. KFC is a US fast food company. Neolix and KFC make a new business. Neolix´s vans sell food. The vans drive along the streets. People use an app in their phones. They choose some food. They scan a code. They pay for the food in the app. The van’s door opens. People take the food and they close the door. It is very quick and easy. People do not like cars without a driver in the past. The situation is changing now. People see that the vans are helpful. They make people´s lives safer and easier.	The Chinese company, Neolix, invented special vans that do not have a driver. Neolix started to use these vans during the coronavirus epidemic. They deliver things to hospitals and they help disinfec t streets. The US fast food company, KFC, has done business with Neolix. Neolix´s vans drive along the streets and they offer food. To buy the food is very easy. Customers scan a code with their phones, and they choose the food which they want in an app. When they pay, the van’s door opens and they take the food out. Before the coronavirus pandemic, people did not like cars without a driver. Now, the situation has changed and people see the benefits of them. Experts say that these special vans could help develop other vehicles which do not need a driver, for example, public buses.	The company Neolix invented driverless vehicles that have been put in use during the coronavirus epidemic to deliver medical supplies to hospitals. Its vans are also being used to help disinfect streets and to move food to people who are working on the front line to slow the spread of the virus. Neolix has partnered with KFC, the US fast food restaurant chain, to introduce driverless food trucks. Customers scan a code with their mobile phones, and they use an app to choose a product that they like. The vehicle´s door will open as soon as the scan is done and a payment is made. Then, customers take out the food and they close the door. Demand for Neolix´s vehicles has surged during the coronavirus pandemic and more importantly, people´s perception towards driverless delivery has completely changed. Some people say that the commercialization of driverless-courier technology could provide lessons for autonomous vehicles carrying passengers.
This news is from eastern China. It rains a lot in some parts. This leads to floods . The floods trap people. Firefighters help them. They move them to safe areas. The water destroys crops , too.	Heavy rainstorms hit parts of eastern China. Water trapped people in several regions and destroyed crops . Local firefighters are draining the water and saving people. More people are evacuating to safety.	Heavy rainstorms have hit parts of eastern China’s Anhui and Jiangxi provinces , leaving residents of several regions trapped and crops destroyed. Local firefighters are draining the water and rescuing locals. People implemented an emergency plan and are evacuating people to safety.
Daniel Florian is from Germany. He travels to Colombia. He visits an area in southwest Colombia. Florian takes part in a special ritual . He drinks Yage tea. Yage is a South American vine . Local people use it in traditional medicine. They boil its bark . They drink a tea from it. The tea is hallucinogenic . Hallucinogenic means that when people drink or eat this thing, they see and hear things which are not real. Florian gets lost. Nobody sees him for seven days. He is alone in the jungle. Colombian soldiers find him. They take him to hospital. He does not remember what happens. He does not feel well. He does not drink water for several days.	Daniel Florian is a German tourist who visited an indigenous area in southwest Colombia. Then he got lost in a jungle and he was missing for seven days. Local media said that Florian took part in a shaman ritual and that he drank Yage tea. Yage is a type of vine which grows in South America. People boil its bark and they make a tea from it. They use it as a traditional medicine, but people have hallucinations when they drink the tea. Colombian soldiers found Florian and he did not know where he was. He was very tired because he did not drink water for several days. The soldiers took him to a nearby hospital for treatment.	A German tourist Daniel Florian went missing on April 13 after visiting an indigenous reserve in the Putumayo region in southwest Colombia. Florian had been missing for seven days before he was found and rescued by Colombian troops. The troops found him on Wednesday, and he was disorientated and dehydrated. He was taken to Mocoa Putumayo City Hospital for treatment for dehydration and various bruises and lesions that he suffered while alone in the jungle. Local sources reported that Florian had participated in an indigenous shaman ritual during which he allegedly drank Yage tea. Yage is a South American vine, and its bark is boiled to make a tea with hallucinogenic properties, and it is used as a traditional spiritual medicine.
This news is from Colombia. A boat sinks . People save most of the passengers . Six of the passengers die. Fifteen passengers are missing . People are sad. They lay flowers next to the lake. Police look for the missing passengers.	A cruiser in Colombia sank near Medellin. At least six people died and 15 people are missing. People saved most of the passengers. The search for the missing passengers continues. People were very saddened by the incident and they laid flowers next to the lake. Police are investigating the incident as a crime.	At least six people died and 15 are missing after a pleasure cruiser sank into a reservoir near Medellin in Colombia. People rescued most of the passengers, around 130, and the search for the missing passengers continues. Families, friends and residents are devastated by the incident, which the police are investigating as a crime. People laid flowers next to the lake in response to the incident. There had been complaints about a lack of life jackets on board the ship.
There is Ebola in Congo. Ebola is a serious sickness. From August 2018 until now, 2,000 people catch it. Around 1,300 people die. The World Health Organisation is trying to stop Ebola. It is not easy. There are some problems. People are fighting in some areas. Some people do not want to be vaccinated . Sometimes, people attack doctors. Doctors Without Borders had 130 attacks.	There is an Ebola outbreak in Congo, and from August 2018 until now, there are more than 2,000 cases of the illness . This is the second largest outbreak and around 1,300 people are dead so far. The World Health Organisation wants to end the outbreak, but there are problems. Some people do not trust the vaccine, there can be conflicts in some regions and sometimes people attack doctors. Doctors Without Borders had 130 attacks.	The Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of Congo has exceeded 2,000 cases since last August. People confirmed more than 1,900 cases and 94 probable cases. The outbreak is the second largest on record, and it has killed around 1,300 people. The director of the World Health Organisation says that it wants to end the outbreak, but there have been problems. Some people do not trust the vaccine, there are conflicts in some regions, and 130 attacks have happened against Doctors Without Borders.
There is an attack in a Paris police office. An attacker kills some people using a knife. French officials say that the man is 45 years old. He works at the police station since 2003. In the attack, four people die. Another person goes to hospital. We do not know why the attack happens. The man does not have strange behavior before this event. Also, it is strange that the attacker passes metal detectors without problems. The Paris Mayor, Ane Hidalgo, writes a post on Twitter. She sends her condolences . She thanks the police for the wonderful job they do in protecting Parisians.	Last Thursday in Paris, there was a knife attack at a police headquarters. Four people died during the attack and another person was hurt. French authorities said that the killer was a man of 45 years old who worked at the police department since 2003. The police managed to shoot and kill the man. The police said that the man never had strange behavior before. It was also unclear how the man passed through the metal detectors with a knife. Paris Mayor, Ane Hildago, wrote on Twitter messages of condolences to the families of the victims of the attack, and she showed appreciation for the police work to protect the city.	Last Thursday, four police employees were killed in a Paris police headquarters in a knife attack. French authorities said that the assailant was a 45-year-old man. He had worked before as an administrator in the intelligence division since 2003. The police shot and killed the attacker. This attack caused the death of three police officers and one administrative worker. Another person went to hospital to receive medical care. The reason why the man decided to make this extreme  gesture is still not clear, as he had not shown any behavioral problems before. It was also not very clear how the man could pass through the metal detectors with a knife without being noticed. Paris Mayor, Ane Hidalgo, tweeted her condolences to the families of the victims of the attack and said that the Paris Council will pay  tribute to the victims. She praised the work done by the police to protect citizens.
There is a beach in Ireland. In 1984, there is a storm. It takes away all of the sand. This is not good. Less tourists come to the area. This year, there is a tide . It brings a lot of sand to that beach. It brings the beach back! People hope that tourists will start to come again. They want the beach to get a Blue Flag .	In 1984, a beach in a village in Ireland vanished during a storm. This affected the tourism in the area. However, during a recent unusual tide , the beach reappeared . People hope that the beach will get a Blue Flag status in an inspection next year and bring back tourism.	In 1984, a beach in a village in Ireland vanished in a storm. This massively impacted the tourism in the area, but the beach recently reappeared virtually overnight during a freak tide. The locals hope that the beach will get a Blue Flag status in an inspection next year and bring back tourism.
The weather in the US is very cold now. Strong winds from the north bring cold air. The temperature can be -30 degrees Celsius. Several people already die this winter. Many people still want to enjoy the winter. The frozen pants challenge starts. People put their pants in water. Then, they hang them outside. It is so cold that the pants freeze quickly. Then, people stand them up. Some people use pajamas or hockey uniforms. One man stands up a police uniform next to his car. Social media is full of funny pictures of these pants. If it is cold outside, you can try the frozen pants challenge, too.	Arctic winds brought very cold weather to the US, and several people already died. For some people, though, it was a lot of fun, too. Many people took part in the frozen pants challenge, and social media became full of photos of frozen pants which were standing outside on their own. Some people were very creative , and they used pajama pants or hockey and karate uniforms to make funny photos.  A woman in Minneapolis decorated her front garden with pants of different colors to make her day bright. If you want to try it, the trick is simple. You soak your pants in water and hang them outside. It takes only a few minutes and the pants start to freeze. Then you shape the pants and put them outside in the snow.	The US has seen temperatures plummet in a weather condition known as the polar vortex in recent weeks. However, Americans have come up with a novel way to have some fun in the harsh conditions, and social media is being populated with photos of frozen pants left out in the cold to stand upright all on their own. If you want to enter the frozen pants challenge, here´s how it works. You soak your pants in water and then hang them on a clothesline or outside railing and let them freeze. Before they reach stiff-as-a-board status, you shape them to look as if there was an actual body inside. Then you simply stand them outside like you might place a snowman. The challenge isn´t only limited to pants. People have been freezing pajama pants, hockey and karate uniforms, and even police uniforms.
This news is about a six-year old boy. He is blind . His parents want to help him. They go see a man. The man teaches the boy to “see” with sound. First, you make a sound. This sound moves through the air. When the sound hits an object , it bounces back. The sound moves back to you. You hear this sound and understand it. The type of sound tells about the object. The boy learns fast. He can “see” with sound. He can go to school without his parents. He can have a normal life.	This news is about a six-year-old blind boy. His parents took him to a man who teaches him echolocation. Echolocation is the use of reflected sound. You can make a special sound with your tongue, and the sound travels through the air. When it hits something, it bounces back. The person hears the sound and knows that there is something there. After only 10 minutes of teaching time, the boy could “see” objects with sound. He will be able to go to school without his parents and have a more normal life.	This is the longest Mason has walked on his own without holding someone’s hand. He’s 6 years old, and he’s blind. “You’ll know where the sides of the path are. I’ll let you go in front, cause you’re so good at it!” His parents have taken him to meet Daniel Kish to learn echolocation. “Echolocation generally speaking is the use of reflected sound. Any sound that reflects over any object can be referred to as echolocation. We use a specific kind of pulse of sound or flash of sound, which can be a tongue click that bounces off of surfaces all around us and returns to us and an image can be constructed from the patterns that reflect back.” After only 10 minutes of teaching time, Mason learned how to click and scan , meaning he can accurately locate objects. “It’s been going quite well, actually…” For his parents the process of letting go conjured  up a mixture of pride and fear. “This is just going to transform Mason’s life. It’s going to give him the independence to travel alone, to go to school independently, just to have a normal life.” “Some sort of normal life!” His parents are stumping up £500 a day for these contact visits, a price they feel is worth it for learning to decipher the shape of sound. Daniel has invited Mason to one of his workshops in the United States where he’ll continue to learn from and be around others who are in a similar situation.
This year´s Nobel Peace Prize goes to journalists Maria Ressa and Dmitry Muratov. Ressa and Muratov work hard in their home countries of the Philippines and Russia. They protect freedom of expression. Freedom of expression means that people can say what they want about anything they want. The Nobel Peace Prize is important for all journalists in the world. Their work is not easy. The prize gives them hope that the future will be better. Muratov is happy that he gets the prize. He wishes that Alexei Navalny gets the prize. Alexei Navalny is the leader of Russian opposition . He fights with the Russian president Vladimir Putin. Navalny is in prison now.	Journalists Maria Ressa and Dmitry Muratov won this year´s Nobel Peace Prize for their work in the Philippines and Russia. Ressa and Muratov worked hard to protect freedom of expression in their home countries. They represented all journalists in the world who supported the idea, and they gave them hope that the future can be better. Another Russian journalist said that the prize was important for all Russian journalists who were going through a very difficult time. Muratov said that he wished that Alexei Navalny got the prize instead of him. Navalny is a jailed politician and enemy of the president Vladimir Putin.	The Norwegian Nobel Committee decided to award the Nobel Peace Prize for 2021 to Maria Ressa and Dmitry Muratov for their effort to safeguard freedom of expression. The committee said that freedom of expression was a precondition for democracy and lasting peace. Ressa and Muratov received the peace prize for their courageous fight for freedom of expression in the Philippines and in Russia. At the same time, they represented all journalists who stood for this idea in a world in which democracy and freedom of press is facing increasingly adverse conditions. A Russian veteran reporter at Novaya Gazeta told the media that the award was a great encouragement for all Russian journalists, as they had been going through difficult times in the last few months. They were feeling that they were all approaching a tragic ending. He said that the award was important for the whole Russian independent journalist community. Muratov said that he would have preferred that jailed opposition leader Alexei Navalny was given the award instead.
A motorbike is for one person or two people. However, it is possible to have 8 people on one motorbike. You can see it in a video. In China, one man in a car saw this. He filmed the situation. He thought that it was dangerous . The video shows one man who drives the bike. Two girls sit at the front of the motorbike and three women with two children sit at the back.	A motorbike is designed for one or two people. However, it is possible to fit up to 8 people on a single bike as you can see in a video. A person in a car filmed a motorbike with eight people. The person filming was worried about the safety of the bike’s passengers. The video shows one man driving the bike while two girls sit at the front and three women with two more kids sit at the back.	Well, we have heard of riding tandem , but fitting 8 people on a motorbike is getting a bit ridiculous. A person in a vehicle filmed an overloaded motorcycle driving along a road in China. The person who filmed was concerned for the safety of the bike’s passengers. The video shows one man driving the bike while two girls sit at the front and three women with two more kids who sit at the back. China’s Traffic Management Department warned people of the dangers of crazy driving and reminded motorists to bear safety in mind.
Prince Harry is a soldier. He is in an exchange program . He is in Australia for a month. Something interesting happens to him there. He meets people at a harbour . He likes to visit the people. A young woman likes him. She asks to marry him. He says that he needs to think about it. She asks to kiss him. He says yes. She kisses him on the cheek. Then she kisses him on the mouth! Many people see the special moment. They like the moment. The young woman is happy.	Ten years ago, Prince Harry joined the armed forces of England and went twice to Afghanistan. Now, he has been in Australia for a month on an exchange program with the Australian army. He is almost at the end of his trip, and something interesting and intimate happened to him. He met people at a harbour and a young woman asked to marry him. When he told her that he had to think about it, she asked if she could kiss him. He said yes and right after she kissed him on the cheek, she kissed him on the mouth!	He may have a new lady in his life, in the form of his new niece Princess Charlotte, but that hasn’t put the ladies off trying their luck with Prince Harry. There was no stopping this cheeky fan in Australia, when the young royal greeted crowds gathered at Sydney Harbour. Wearing a tiara and declaring her wish to wed Harry, she planted a kiss on his cheek before going in for the kill . But Harry wasn’t having any of it. Victoria McRae, the lady in question, explained how the intimate moment unfolded. “It’s the first time I’ve proposed, you know, you’ve got to put a gal out of her misery . Then he said, ‘could he think about it,’ and I said, well, ‘we have just can we just have a kiss?’ So he only let me kiss on him cheek. Then I went in for it , and the rest is history!” Prince Harry has spent the past month in Australia as part of an exchange program with the Australian army. As his time in the country comes to an end, he met fans ahead of his trip to New Zealand. “Good month in Australia. It’s been fantastic. It’s really nice to have a chance to speak to members of the public as opposed to being locked in in what you are.” Captain Wales, as he’s known in the military, is expected to return to the UK within the month, where he’s due to meet his new niece. In March, he announced that he will leave the armed forces after a decade of service that included two tours of duty in Afghanistan.
‘No Time To Die’ is the newest James Bond film. Its world premiere is in London last week. Daniel Craig is a British actor. He first plays James Bond in the film ‘Casino Royale’ in 2006. ‘No Time To Die’ is Craig´s fifth and last James Bond film. He says that the James Bond films are very important. He is happy to be James Bond. Yet now he does not want to do it anymore. People who make movies wonder how many people will come watch James Bond in cinemas. Cinemas have been open for only a little while. Many fans want to know who the new James Bond will be. Producers say that they do not know yet.	The latest James Bond film ‘No Time To Die’ had its world premiere in London, UK, last week. Producers planned the premiere 18 months ago, but the COVID-19 pandemic delayed it. Daniel Craig first played as the British secret agent in 2006 in the film ‘Casino Royale’. ‘No Time To Die’ is the British actor´s fifth and last James Bond film, and he said that he was very lucky to be a part of it. Craig said that James Bond was very important to cinema and to history, too. Filmmakers are watching closely how the film will do in cinemas. Cinemas were closed for a long time, and people are only just starting to go again. Many fans wonder who will be the new James Bond. Producers said that they would start to think about it next year.	Daniel Craig´s final James Bond film finally had its world premiere in London, 18 months later than planned, because the COVID-19 pandemic delayed it. With the guest list made up of Oscar winners and British royalty, it was cinema´s most high-profile red carpet event since the start of the pandemic. ‘No Time To Die’ is Craig´s fifth movie as 007, the suave British secret agent, ending a 15-year tenure that began with 2006´s ‘Casino Royale’. Craig said that the role was incredibly important to cinema and to history, and he was very lucky to be a part of it. Producer Barbara Broccoli, who controls the franchise with co-producer Michael G Wilson, said that they would not start thinking about Craig´s replacement until next year. Meanwhile, the film industry is watching closely to see how ‘No Time To Die’ performs at the box office, and whether fans will come back in large numbers now most cinemas have reopened.
Nail art can get extreme. In Mexico, there is a new trend . You can have a scorpion on your nail. One scorpion costs $3. Scorpions are dangerous. You can die if one stings you. The nail artists say that the scorpions are not dangerous after they die. This trend is not for everyone. Some people like it, and others do not.	Nail art sometimes goes to extremes, but this trend could be something even a little dangerous. Customers in Mexico can now have a scorpion glued on a nail. One scorpion costs around $3. Scorpions are highly venomous , and you can die if one stings you. The team says that its scorpions are not venomous after they die. The team also uses tweezers to put them on nails. The trend is not for everyone. Some people react positively, while others think that it is a horrible and tacky trend.	Nail art has gone to the extremes before – we have seen rhinestones and furry nails, but Mexico’s adding something which could be considered somewhat dangerous. Customers are paying around $3 to have a scorpion glued to a nail. Scorpions are highly venomous and if one stings you, it can lead to death, but the team insists that the ones that it is using are not venomous after they die and that the team uses tweezers when handling them. One manicurist said that this trend is not for everyone. Some people react positively while others think that it is a horrible and tacky trend. People have accused the team of animal cruelty, but the team explained that they buy the scorpions dead from people who find them in mountain ranges.
This happens in central US states. There is bad weather. There are many tornados . They hit large parts of the area. They destroy buildings. After the tornados, floods and storms come. Hailstones fall from the sky. A person films this on a camera. The camera is inside a car. The hailstones fall on the car.	Thunderstorms and floods battered central US states on May 17th. They came after a tornado series which hit large parts of the area one day earlier. They cut power lines and damaged structures . From the inside of a car, a camera filmed one interesting moment. Baseball-sized hailstones fell on the car’s windshield and broke it. This happened in Oklahoma.	Hailstones big enough to shatter the windscreen of a car. “Oh! There it goes! The windshield!” The moment the baseball-sized stones start falling from the sky is captured on camera near Tipton in Oklahoma. Thunderstorms and floods battered several central US states on May 17th. They followed on from a tornado series that hit large parts of the area a day earlier, cutting power lines and damaging structures. Parts of Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Tennessee and Kansas were either under a flash flood watch or flash flood warning. There were reportedly 29 tornadoes on Saturday that hit states ranging from Louisiana to Wyoming. Texas and Oklahoma were the hardest hit areas. The damage in Oklahoma was mostly in the southwestern and northeastern parts of the state. “Oh! There it goes! The windshield!”
Facebook talks about its plans. It is working on a digital currency . The currency is called Libra. The project has help from big partners like Mastercard, PayPal and Uber. People can use Libra in 2020. They can send Libra in Messenger and WhatsApp. There will be a new app, too. It is called Calibra. It will be a digital Libra wallet. Other apps can use Libra, too. Libra is similar to bitcoin. Facebook is doing this so people can send money around the world for free. However, some people do not trust Facebook. For example, some people worry that Facebook can look at how much Libra they have.	Last Tuesday, Facebook talked about its plans for its digital currency project called Libra. An independent company called the Libra Association will run the digital currency. The project also has help from big partners including Mastercard, PayPal and Uber. People are testing the Libra service and it will be available in 2020. Users will be able to send Libra to each other using Facebook’s services like Messenger, WhatsApp or its upcoming digital wallet, Calibra. Other apps will also be able to use Libra. The cryptocurrency uses the same technology as bitcoin. Facebook wants to make it easy to transfer money around the world for free. However, not all business may accept Libra and not all financial institutions may want to trade it for traditional money. Some people are also concerned about privacy – Facebook does not have a very good reputation. Facebook says that your information will not be shared with them in most cases.	Last Tuesday, Facebook unveiled its plans for its digital currency project and a cryptocurrency called Libra. An independent non-profit called the Libra Association will run the digital currency, and it has the backing of some big corporate partners, including Mastercard, PayPal and Uber. The service is currently in the testing phase but when it launches in 2020, users will be able to send Libra to each other using Facebook’s services like Messenger, WhatsApp or its upcoming digital wallet, Calibra. Other apps will also be able to integrate Libra. Libra transactions are recorded on a blockchain, which is the same technology that bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies use. Facebook says that its goal is to make it easy to transfer money globally without the fees that are incurred in a traditional banking infrastructure. When it comes to converting Libra into actual cash, though, users may run into the same issues as other cryptocurrencies – not all places accept it and not all financial institutions want to trade it for traditional money. When it comes to privacy, some are also concerned with Facebook’s reputation. The company stated that in most cases, users’ financial and account information will not be shared with Facebook or third parties without consent. Some US politicians called on Facebook to stop the cryptocurrency project until federal regulators and lawmakers have a chance to weigh in .
A man is reading his newspaper. His wife comes to him. She has a frying pan. She hits him on the head with the frying pan. He asks, “Why did you hit me?” “I saw a paper in your trousers. There was a name ‘Betty Sue’ on the paper.” He says, “‘Betty Sue’ is the name of the horse which I want to buy.” The wife says nothing. Three days later, the man is reading his newspaper. She comes to him. She hits him very hard with a frying pan again. He asks, “Why did you hit me again?” She answers, “Your horse called.”  www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.	A man is reading his newspaper. His wife comes to him and hits him on the head with a frying pan. He asks, “Why did you hit me?” “I found a piece of paper in your pocket with ‘Betty Sue’ written on it.” He says, “Honey, ‘Betty Sue’ is the name of the horse which I want to buy.” The wife says nothing. Three days later, he is reading his newspaper when she comes to him and hits him very hard with a frying pan again. He asks, “Why did you hit me again?” She answers, “Your horse called.”  www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.	A man is reading his newspaper when his wife walks up behind him and hits him on the back of the head with a frying pan. He asks, “Why did you hit me?” “I found a piece of paper in your pocket with ‘Betty Sue’ written on it.” He says, “Honey, ‘Betty Sue’ is the name of the horse which I want to buy.” The wife doesn’t say anything. Three days later he is reading his newspaper when she walks up behind him and hits him even harder with a frying pan. He asks, “Why did you hit me again?” She answers, “Your horse called.”  www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.
There is an organization which watches how many characters with different sexual orientation there are in TV shows. In the organization’s last report, it says that 10% of all characters are not heterosexual . This is the highest number in history. Also, most characters are gay men. In the real world, there are many people with something other than gay orientation. TV shows must become more attractive for viewers. They must show the real world and culture. The organization wants changes by 2025. It hopes that the number of characters with different sexual orientation is 20% of all characters in TV shows.	The GLAAD agency issued its annual report which says that 10% of all series characters on TV are LGTBQ , and the number was never higher in the past. The report says that most characters are gay men, which does not reflex the real world. The agency recommends that by 2025, there are 20% of all series characters as LGBTQ. GLAAD´s official said that TV series must show viewers´ lives and thecultures. In the time when people have more possibilities for entertainment , it is necessary that the TV series are attractive for viewers.	The GLAAD Media Institute issued its annual report where it said that LGBTQ characters made up over 10% of all regular series characters on TV. This is the highest percentage since GLAAD started reporting. The report says that the majority of LGTBQ characters on TV are gay men. It also recommends that at a time when viewers have many options for entertainment, LGBTQ characters and their stories must reflect the real world. GLAAD wants to make sure that by 2025, 20% of regular series characters are LGBTQ. Megan Townsend, GLAAD´s director of entertainment research and analysis, says that it is very important that TV series reflect the audience and its culture.
Doctors in the US do an operation. It changes the life of a baby. The baby’s name is Dominique. She is born with four legs and other parts of a body . They are parts of a twin . The twin is on her back. There are legs and feet. They move. This is very dangerous for the baby. Doctors work very hard. The operation is very difficult . It is successful in the end. The baby has a new life. She can live a full and normal life now. Dominique leaves the hospital five days after the operation. She lives in an American family. They are not her parents. They look after her.	A medical team in the US did an operation that changed the life of a baby. Dominique was born with four legs and two spines. They were parts of a twin. The twin was connected to the back of Dominique’s neck. There were legs that moved and feet that came out of the back of her neck. This was extremely dangerous for the baby. Thanks to the hard work of a medical team, she got a new chance at life. One of the doctors said that the operation was very difficult. The most critical part was the connection of the two spines. After that, the doctors knew that the operation would be successful. Dominique left the hospital five days after the surgery. She is now in the care of an American foster  family . People expect that she can live a full and normal life now.	A medical team in the US has done a life-changing surgery on a baby. Dominique was born with four legs and two spines , which were the remains of an underdeveloped twin. The twin was attached to the back of Dominique’s neck. There were functional legs that moved and feet coming out of the back of her neck. This made life extremely dangerous for the baby. Thanks to the efforts of a strong medical team, she got a new chance for life. One of the members of the medical team said that the surgery was very difficult. The most critical part was the junction of the two spines. Once the doctors had control of that, they knew that the surgery would be finished successfully. Five days after the surgery, doctors released Dominique. She is now in the care of an American foster  family . People expect her to live a full and normal life.
Stephen Hawking is a physicist . He talks about his plan. He wants to look for life in space. There are billions of habitable planets in our galaxy. There are a hundred billion galaxies. He wants to send many small spacecraft into space. The spacecraft will travel to a star system. The system is Alpha Centauri. It is 25 trillion miles away. The spacecraft will travel there in 20 years. They will travel at 20% of the speed of light. The spacecraft will take pictures there. They will send the pictures back. The pictures will come back in four years.	Physicist Stephen Hawking announced plans to look for alien life. We know that there are billions of habitable planets in our galaxy alone, and there are at least a hundred billion galaxies in space. Hawking hopes to send out thousands of small spacecraft into our nearest star system. The system is Alpha Centauri and it is 25 trillion miles away. The spacecraft will be able to travel at 20% of the speed of light. That is more than a thousand times faster than current spacecraft, but it will still take 20 years for the spacecraft to get to the star system. After the long journey, the spacecraft will take pictures. It will take 4 years for the pictures to get back to Earth. The project could take years to develop and there are many chances it may not work.	“In your estimation , what’s the probability of finding intelligent alien life in the next 20 years and why?” “The probability is low. Probably.” With his trademark sense of humour, physicist Stephen Hawking announced plans to search for alien life. “But the discoveries of the Kepler mission suggest that there are billions of habitable planets in our galaxy alone. And there are at least a hundred billion galaxies in the visible universe. So it seems likely that there are others out there.” They hope to deploy thousands of tiny light-propelled spacecraft into our nearest neighbouring star system, called Alpha Centauri, which is 25 trillion miles away. Scientists hope the vehicles, which are called Nanocraft, will be able to travel at 20% of the speed of light, which is more than a thousand times faster than current spacecraft. They’ll be around the size of a postage stamp with a small sail but, despite their small size, they’ll be able to carry cameras and communications equipment. That means they could send back pictures which will help to determine if the star system contains an Earth-like planets capable of sustaining life. But before they do that, the crafts would have to go through a difficult journey – first, surviving a launch from a larger spacecraft, then 20 years of travel through interstellar space where there are plenty of obstacles like dust collisions to dodge . It would then take 4 years for the pictures to transmit back to Earth. The project’s called Breakthrough Starshot and could take years to develop ,and there’s every chance it may not work. The 100-million-dollar initiative is being financed by billionaire Internet investor Yuri Milner. Last year he and Hawking announced a ten-year-long project called Breakthrough Listen. This involves monitoring radio signals for signs of intelligent life across the universe. “Today, we commit to this next great leap into the cosmos because we are human and our nature is to fly.”
This news is from Melbourne. There is a fire. 1,500 tyres are on fire. The black smoke from the fire goes for miles. Firemen evacuate the people in the area. One hundred firemen fight the fire. They use many fire trucks. Helicopters help, too. People want to know what started the fire. People do not think that a person started it.	In Melbourne, 150,000 tyres went up in flames. People could see the black smoke for miles. Authorities evacuated workers from the nearby industrial area. The Metropolitan Fire Brigade deployed many fire trucks with more than 100 fire fighters. The brigade also called in helicopters with fire retardant . People are investigating the cause of the fire, but it does not seem that a person wanted to start the fire.	150,000 tyres went up in flames at a yard in Melbourne. This created a cloud of smoke that could be seen for miles. Staff from the yard and the nearby industrial area were evacuated as the Metropolitan Fire Brigade deployed dozens of trucks, with more than 100 fire fighters, to tackle the blaze . Those on the ground struggled with the intense heat created by the fire. Helicopters with fire retardant were called in to help bring the flames under control. The blaze spread to the factory’s shipment containers and nearby grassland as smoke warnings were issued to local residents. At a community meeting, it was explained how big the task of quelling the fire was. “Even though we’re making a dent in the fire, this will have a presence there for the next 24 to 36 hours.” Investigators are looking into the cause of the blaze, but authorities believe it was not suspicious.
This happens at a zoo in Barcelona, Spain. A mother zebra gives birth. The baby zebra falls into a pond in the exhibit . Two zookeepers go into the pond to save the baby. Baby zebras learn very fast. After they are born, they can stand within 15 minutes. They learn to walk in an hour.	At a zoo in Barcelona, Spain, a mother zebra gave birth and its baby zebra fell into a pond in their exhibit . Two zookeepers moved into the pond to rescue the baby. After birth, baby zebras can stand within 15 minutes. They can learn to walk within an hour to be able to survive in the wild.	At Biopark Zoo in Barcelona, Spain, a mother zebra gave birth and her baby zebra fell into a pond within the exhibit . Two zookeepers moved into the pond to rescue the baby, and they put it on the side near its mother. Baby zebras can stand within 15 minutes of being born, and they can learn to walk within an hour to be able to survive in the wild.
This news is about female triplets . They are from Estonia. All three do sports. They are going to Rio this summer. They will run in the marathon. They will be the first triplets at the Olympics. The sisters are born moments after each other. The oldest one is also the fastest, and the youngest one is the slowest. The sisters say that Kenyan and Ethiopian runners are very good. They are not as good as them. They might be as good as them in 2 or 3 years.	Estonian triplets will all be racing for the gold in the women’s marathon at the Rio Olympics this summer. They are going to be the first-ever triplets competing against each other at Olympic level. The sisters were born moments after each other, and they stay true to their age – the oldest one is the fastest, and the youngest one is the slowest. They say that competing with Kenyan and Ethiopian runners is very hard. They are currently not as good as them, but they might be in 2 or 3 years.	You might have thought, growing up with siblings, that playtime could get competitive, but for these three, competition is a day job . Triplets Leila, Liina and Lily will all be racing for gold in the women’s marathon at the Rio Olympics this summer. “We would love that to be. It’s like our dream also. But we know that we have to be in reality and we know that it’s very hard to compete against Kenyan and Ethiopian runners. We are not at such kind of level like they are right now but maybe two, three years later maybe we can do that.” Born moments after each other, the girls stay true to their age. Leila, the oldest, is 2 minutes 30 seconds faster than Liina, with Lily, the youngest, a further 45 seconds behind. “We usually support each other. Because I think that I am happy when my sisters are doing well and win some competitions. And then I’m also happy because I feel like when I watch my sisters competing and I’m supporting them behind the television or something. Then I feel that I also run or compete there, on the track.” The trio to Rio team will be making history as they’re believed to be the first ever triplets to be competing against each other at Olympic level. Let’s hope they’ll be wearing different numbers so that we can tell them apart. Source: www.ondemandnews.com
This happens a year ago. Catalonia is an area in Barcelona, Spain. The people there want Catalonia to break off from Spain. They want it to be a new country. There is a referendum . Spain says that this referendum is illegal . Spain does not like Catalonia be a new country. Now protesters fight against riot police . The police want to keep them away from other protesters. People get violent . Spain’s government has serious money problems. The government leaders are worried. The people in Catalonia are very worried.	The Catalonian independence referendum in Spain took place almost one year ago. In a square in Barcelona, pro-Catalan protesters fought against riot police after the protesters threw paint and objects. Police were trying to keep the protesters away from other protesters who want the police to get better pay. Police arrested one man as the protest turned violent. Spain’s government has serious money problems, and political tensions are high in Catalonia.	Almost one year has passed since an illegal referendum for Catalonian independence took place. In San Jaume Square, Barcelona, protesters for Catalan faced off against riot police, who began fighting the protesters after the protesters hurled paint and projectiles . Police were trying to keep the protesters away from another protest group who wants the police to get better pay. Police arrested one man as this protest turned into violence. Spain’s government is in a financial crisis , and political tensions are high in Catalonia.
The Chinese navy is 70 years old. There is a parade . China shows off its newest submarines and ships. China’s President Xi Jinping wants China to have a powerful navy. China creates new planes, too. China has a new ship. It can carry a plane. It is not at the parade. People test it at sea.	China showed off its new military force at a naval parade. People could see new nuclear submarines, and they could see a new generation of destroyers last Tuesday. The parade celebrated the Chinese navy which the country created 70 years ago. China’s President Xi Jinping has a goal to turn the country’s navy into a ‘world-class force’. China is also working on new military planes and aircraft carriers (a ship which can carry planes). A new aircraft carrier, which people built completely in China, was not at the parade because people were testing it at sea.	China showed off its new military force at a naval parade, including new nuclear submarines, and the first of its next-generation guided-missile destroyers . This happened last Tuesday. The parade marked the 70th anniversary of the creation of the People’s Liberation Army Navy. China’s President, Xi Jinping, has a goal to turn the country’s navy into a ‘world-class force’. China has been developing stealth jets and aircraft carriers, as well – the country’s first-ever domestically built aircraft carrier is currently undergoing sea trials and was not at the military parade. Newsy is the original news provider which reports are modified into three levels of difficulty. As Newsy previously reported, one of the reasons that countries throw military parades is to showcase their military power without blowing anything up.
Leonard Nimoy was an actor. He died last Friday. He was ill. He had problems with his breathing . He was a famous actor. He played Mr. Spock. Mr. Spock was a character . He was on “Star Trek.” Leonard Nimoy played other characters, too. However, Mr. Spock was a very famous character. People remember Mr. Nimoy as Spock.	Leonard Nimoy died in the morning of Friday the 27th of February. He was an American actor known for playing Mr. Spock – a “Star Trek” character . The cause of his death was a pulmonary disease which made it difficult for him to breathe. Mr. Nimoy said last year that he had the disease, and he attributed it to his years of smoking. Leonard Nimoy also played in other TV series, but people will forever remember him as Spock.	Leonard Nimoy, the actor best known for his well-loved Star Trek character Mr. Spock, has died at age 83. The actor died this morning – Friday the 27th of February – at his home in the Bel Air section of Los Angeles. His wife, Susan B. Nimoy, confirmed his death, saying the cause was end-stage chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Mr. Nimoy announced last year that he had the disease, which he attributed to years of smoking, a habit he’d given up three decades earlier. He had been hospitalised earlier in the week. TV’s most beloved pointy-eared half-Vulcan suffered for several years with the disease, which made it difficult to breathe. Most recently, Nimoy played the brilliant William Bell in science fiction series “Fringe,” but he will be forever remembered for Spock’s calm nature, his face or neck pinch and famous catch phrases. “You live long and prosper.”
This news is about a man. He is 54 years old. People say that he is a Spiderman. He climbs tall buildings. He climbs the Burj Khalifa and the Eiffel Tower. Now, he climbs a building in Barcelona. It is 38 storeys tall. He does not wear a harness . It takes him an hour to go up and down. When he gets down, the police wait for him. They take him. There are people and reporters, too.	People call Alain Robert a Spiderman because he climbed over 100 buildings, including the Burj Khalifa and the Eiffel Tower. Now, he climbed up and down one of Barcelona’s tallest towers. It is a 38- storey building. He did not wear a harness and it took him only an hour. Police officers were waiting at the building for the 54-year-old Frenchman. They arrested him as soon as he was on the ground. On the other hand, a crowd of fans and reporters greeted him.	French “Spiderman” Alain Robert, who climbed over 100 structures to date, including the Burj Khalifa and the Eiffel Tower, scaled one of Barcelona’s tallest towers without a harness . He completed the feat in around an hour. Police officers looked on as the 54-year-old daredevil climbed the Torre Agbar on Friday, but police quickly apprehended him right after he climbed back down from the 38-storey building. On the other hand, a crowd of fans and reporters greeted him.
Tristan da Cunha is an island. It is between South Africa and South America. Only 265 people live there. They are British. There is a volcano on the island. In the 1960s, it erupted . People had to leave. They went to England. Many of them liked England. But they went back to Tristan da Cunha. People at this island want to produce more food. They need help. They are looking for good farmers. If you are a good farmer, this can be the job for you!	Tristan da Cunha is a British territory. It is also the loneliest human colony on Earth with only 265 residents . The island is situated midway between South Africa and South America. In the 1960s, residents to be evacuated to England when the volcano on the island erupted. When the island was safe again, the people returned. However, around 3/4 of the people preferred England to the lonely island. The residents of the island are looking for a farming advisor who could help them increase their food production. So if you like farming and you like being alone, this could be the job for you!	Tristan da Cunha is a British overseas territory, and is an island in the South Atlantic Ocean, which is roughly hallway between Cape Town and Montevideo. Its 265 residents are currently seeking a farmer who could help them increase their food production and make them less reliant on imports, so if you happen to know something about tending livestock and crop rotation, the job offer could be for you. However, as one agricultural adviser, who did the job a few years ago, said that the agriculture can be summed up to cattle and sheep on 1,500 acres of grassland, and a small area with potatoes. Tristan da Cunha hit the headlines in the early sixties when a volcano forced its inhabitants to evacuate, first to South Africa 1,500 miles away and then on to England. Upon returning, not all of them seemed happy to continue living on the most remote inhabited island on Earth. One man who shared his feelings in 1965 said that if people had voted, around three quarters would have stayed in England. However, the man’s cousin maintains that it is the dream place to live and work, as it is very pristine , there is no crime, and anyone who comes there for a short-term contract enjoys it so much that he or she says that he or she would like to come back.
There is a festival in England. Jockeys and horses dress for this festival. One jockey chooses tweed . He and his horse go in tweed suits. A team of people make the horse’s suit. It takes them four weeks. They use 18 metres of tweed. That is ten times more than a human suit.	A horse and its jockey decided to dress great for a festival in England. The material that they chose was tweed . A team worked day and night to finish the horse’s suit. It took them four weeks and they used 18 metres of genuine tweed. That’s ten times as much fabric as is needed for a human suit.	A day at the races is an excuse to dress up, but there’s a new challenger for best dressed at this year’s Cheltenham Festival – veteran race horse Morestead. He and champion jockey Sir Tony McCoy have pulled on the tweed suits as that’s the material of choice for the event. “I think the tweed really suits Morestead and I think he’s certainly doing the best dressed horse.“ This very special suit is made from authentic Harris Tweed by former Alexander McQueen apprentice Emma Sandham-King. “Me and my team have been working day and night to get this finished and to get looking spot-on . Cheltenham’ s really renowned for its tweed and we want this to be the best suit there.” It’s took four weeks for her and her team to create the suit, using more than 18 metres of the genuine tweed; that’s ten times as much fabric as is needed for a human suit. This tweed suit just adds the amount of material expected at the race; it’s estimated the amount on show could stretch from the race course all the way to Ireland. Morestead’s statement suit certainly gives the term clothes horse a brand new meaning.
Cyclone Mekunu is a tropical storm. It hits Oman and Yemen. It cuts power lines . It floods the streets. It leaves three people dead. The winds blow up to 200 kilometres per hour. At least 40 people are missing .	Cyclone Mekunu swept across Oman and Yemen last weekend. It cut power lines, flooded the streets, and left three people dead. The winds blew up to 200 kilometres per hour. At least 40 people from the Yemeni island of Socotra are missing.	Cyclone Mekunu swept across Oman and Yemen last weekend, cutting power lines, flooding the streets and leaving three people dead. The storm blew gusts of up to 200 kph and at least 40 people from the Yemeni island of Socotra are missing.
The Moomins is a TV series . There are many Moomin fans in Japan. There’s even a Moomin café in Tokyo. It opened in 2003. This café has seven Moomin characters . When you sit down, a waitress puts a Moomin at your table. The Moomin sits with you when you drink your coffee. There can be more people than Moomins in the café. Everybody wants to sit with a Moomin. Staff members must move the Moomins. This way, each person has a Moomin for a while.	The Moomin series, created by a Finnish illustrator, has a large fan base in Japan. There’s even a Moomin café in Tokyo. It opened in 2003. When a customer comes in, a staff member takes a Moomin character and puts it at the customer’s table. You know, to keep him or her company . Sometimes, staff move the characters from one customer to another because the café has only seven Moomin characters. The Moomin fans are not the only ones who like the café. Everybody enjoys the special experience.	A café in Tokyo has put its own spin  on the dining experience by filling the place with stuffed teddies. At the Moomin Café cups of tea and coffee are served with their own stuffed Moomin character. You know, to keep them company. The café opened in 2003 and whenever customers come in, staff members grab a Moomin character and place them to sit with them. With only seven large stuffed characters to share between all of the visitors to the café, staff said they do everything they can to make sure they make the rounds . Apparently, even non-fans of the Moomin series appreciate the efforts of the staff to provide a unique experience. The Moomin series, originally created by Finnish illustrator and writer Tove Jansson, has a large fan base in Japan. So, if you ever find yourself in Tokyo in need of a coffee or a cuddle , the Moomin Café could be just a place for you.
Last year, an Indonesian Boeing 737 Max airplane from Lion Air crashes after take off. All of the people on the plane die in the accident. Some months later, an airplane from Ethiopian Airlines crashes. It is another Boeing 737 Max like the one in Indonesia. After the second crash, all Boeing 737 Max flights stop. Indonesian authorities tell the families of the victims that their airplane crashes because of a problem in the design . Indonesian officials show a report on the accident. They say that the pilots and airlines are not prepared to use a new software. It is called MCAS. The MCAS software does not work correctly. It makes the crash happen. The investigators also say that the pilots do not understand the software’s alerts.	Last year, a Boeing 737 from Lion air crashed in Indonesia, and all of its passengers died. Indonesian authorities told the families of the victims that the crash happened from a flaw in the design. Investigators said that Boeing did not prepare the pilots for its new software, MCAS, and this software was the reason for the crash. The investigators also blamed the pilots and co-pilots because they were not capable of managing the software alerts during the flight. Some months later after the crash in Indonesia, another Boeing from Ethiopian Airlines crashed, killing 346 people. The software also caused the second crash. After this second accident, Boeing decided to stop all flights of the Boeing 737 Max.	In a recent meeting, Indonesian authorities informed the families of the victims of last year’s Boeing 737 Max crash that a systemic design defect caused the crash. Investigators reported that Boeing did not train its pilots to use a new software called MCAS. They assume that the crash was due to MCAS not working, and the pilots did not understand the warnings of the system and its defects. Aviation controllers say that a MCAS system for a second accident when a Boeing 737 Max from Ethiopian Airlines also crashed. Boeing then decided to stop all flights worldwide. On Tuesday, Boeing’s officials dismissed Kevin McAllister, the commercial airplanes division chief who was in charge of the company’s response to the crashes. The Indonesian National Transportation Safety Committee expects to release the final report on Friday.
This news is from China. There is a dry place there. It rains very little. However, it rains a lot recently. Now, the area is flooded . The water is good for an animal that lives there. It is a shrimp. It has eggs in the ground. The eggs hatches . This animal is 200 million years old. It eats smaller animals. It lives only 90 days, and it lays eggs. These eggs can wait for water for 25 years. There are not many of these shrimps in China. There are a lot of them in California.	There are plains in China where it rains very little. The plains usually get less than 40 millimetres a year. However, rain flooded the plains recently, and people discovered an unusual animal. It is a kind of shrimp, and it is considered a living fossil. It is a species which is over 200 million years old, and it eats smaller animals. The shrimp lives only for 90 days, but its eggs can survive for 25 years. When there is water again, they hatch . The shrimps are rare in China, but there is an area in California where they are numerous .	These north China plains are normally used to getting less than 40 millimetres of rain a year, but flooded by recent downpours , an unusual creature has been discovered. This is the tadpole shrimp. Considered a living fossil , the tadpole shrimp species is over 200 million years old. “I’ve been living here for 37 years. In all those years, I saw such ponds for only three or four times. There was no water most of the time.” Living on microbes in the water and preying on small animals, tadpole shrimps only live for 90 days, but their eggs can survive in the right conditions like these dry riverbeds for 25 years, hatching in just a matter of days once the ponds and lakes they live in flood again. Whilst they are a rare find in these parts, in some areas of California, they are so numerous that they are considered a pest , as they move the sediment, preventing light from reaching seedlings .
Prince Philip dies on Friday. He is 99 years old. Prince Philip is the husband of Queen Elizabeth II. They get married in London, England, in 1947. Philip is a very important person in the British royal family . Philip attends thousands of royal events with his wife. He always walks one step behind her. He is the Queen´s best friend and biggest help. Philip and Elizabeth have four children. Their first child is Charles. Charles will be the next king of Britain. Some people do not like what Philip says or does. He is sometimes angry. He does not say nice things. Philip is very clever and funny, too. People love his energy .	Prince Philip died on Friday at the age of 99. Philip was the husband of Queen Elizabeth II, and he was one of the most important people in the British Royal Family. Philip and Elizabeth were married at Westminster Abbey, London, England, in 1947. Philip supported his wife for almost 70 years, and he attended thousands of events with her. He always walked one step behind her. Philip had no official role , but his wife once said that he was her best friend, and he made her stronger. Philip and Elizabeth had four children, and their first son Charles will be the next king of Britain. Some people did not like Philip´s behavior . It was easy to make him angry and he often said unpleasant things. He was also very intelligent, and people loved his energy and wit .	Prince Philip died on Friday aged 99; he was the husband of Queen Elizabeth II, and a leading figure in the British Royal Family for almost seven decades. His Royal Highness passed away peacefully at Windsor Castle. Though outspoken and irascible , Philip lived in the shadow of the woman that he married at Westminster Abbey in 1947. He always walked a step behind his queen at the thousands of ceremonial events that they attended during her reign, the longest in British history. In a rare personal tribute, the queen once called him her strength and stay , and although Philip had no official role, he was one of the most influential figures in the royal family. He was often criticized for his demeanor and for remarks that caused offense; however, he brought wit, intelligence and energy to the monarchy. The royal couple had four children: Charles, Anne, Andrew and Edward.
This news is about a man. He is from India. He has a road accident. He gets better. He picks up a bad habit . He starts swallowing knives. Some time later, he goes to hospital. He has a stomach ache. He does not tell the doctors about the knives. The doctors look inside his stomach. They see the knives. The doctors ask the man about them. He says that there are 28 of them. Doctors operate on the man. They take out the knives. There are 40 of them.	A man from India started swallowing knives. He developed this habit when he was getting better from a road accident. Recently, the man went to hospital with a stomach ache. Doctors thought that he had a tumour, but then they saw all the metal in his stomach by using a camera. They asked him about it and he told them that he swallowed 28 knives. After surgery, though, the doctors counted 40 of them. The man is now in stable condition.	When Surjeet Singh sought medical advice over a severe stomach ache, doctors thought he might have developed a tumour, but the real reason for his pain left them stunned . “As soon as we placed the camera inside”, the surgeon said, “we saw some metallic material on our screen. In those metallic materials, there were shards of blades and wood which were very unusual. I’ve never seen anything like it in my 20 years of practice. We thought they were knives so we asked the patient, and he said he had this urge to swallow knives. He said he’d swallowed 28 of them.” A team of five surgeons operated on Singh for five hours, and say they removed not 28 blades, but 40. Singh says he developed the habit of swallowing knives while recuperating from a road accident. He’s now said to be in a stable condition, but we can only hope he’s found a safer way of keeping himself occupied while recovering in hospital.
This news is from China. Twins are born there. These twins are connected. Connected twins are called conjoined twins. The twins are two girls. They are one year old. They are 10 kilograms heavy. The twins have an operation. The doctors separate them. The operation takes five hours. Seventy per cent of conjoined twins are girls.	Conjoined twins were born in China last year. They were connected from their chests to their navels . They also had two connected livers. After months of hospital care, the weight of the twin sisters increased to almost 10 kilograms, and they were strong enough to get an operation. The doctors operated on them last Tuesday. It took the doctors five hours. Seventy per cent of conjoined twins are female. Being conjoined happens once every 200,000 live births. Since 1950, doctors have separated 250 conjoined twins.	Doctors have successfully separated  conjoined twins at a hospital in southwest China. The twin sisters, who were separated on Friday ,were born on October 30th last year with abdominal skin joined from their chest to their navels. They also had two connected livers. The doctors operated on Tuesday for nearly five hours before separating them. After months of intensive care by doctors and nurses in the hospital, the weight of the sisters increased to a combined weight of 9.9 kilograms and other vital signs were normal. The twins now remain in the intensive care units to recover from the surgery. The form of conjoint twinning refers to the point where the twins are connected. An estimated 250 surgical separations have been performed worldwide, with most performed since 1950. Conjoined twins are physically connected to one another at some point on their bodies. Being conjoined occurs once every 200,000 live births and about 70% are female. Scientists believe that conjoined twins develop from a single fertilised  egg that fails to separate completely as it divides .
Thousands of migrants move to Calais, France. They run away from war and poverty in their countries. However, the situation is not good for the French people. The migrants are in a big camp. People call it the jungle migrant camp. People destroy a half of it. Politicians say that they want to destroy the second half. They do not say when they will do this. More than 7,000 migrants live in that half of the camp. Some French people are angry with their politicians. They say that the politicians do not do anything. They protest. A big group of trucks goes on the road. They move very slow. They slow down the traffic.	Thousands of migrants moved to Calais, France. They are fleeing war and poverty in their countries, but the situation in Calais is now not good for the French residents or businesses. Earlier this year, the government destoryed the southern half of the so-called jungle migrant camp. France’s Interior Minister said that the rest of the camp would be gone too, but he gave no date. People think that more than 7,000 migrants live in the northern half of the camp. Some locals say that the government is not doing anything and they decided to protest. They drove in a big group of trucks, slowing the traffic down to a minimum, in the protest against the migrants.	Residents and businesses in Calais, France, have been hit hard by the thousands of migrants who descended  on the region after fleeing war and poverty in their countries. Earlier this year, authorities dismantled the southern half of Calais’ so-called jungle migrant camp. France’s Interior Minister said that the rest of the camp would be dismantled but a date is yet to be confirmed. People think that more than 7,000 migrants live in the remaining northern half of the camp. Some locals say that the government is not doing anything and they decided to protest. A convoy of trucks slowed traffic to a crawl in the protest against the impact of the growing numbers of migrants in the French port.
The United Nations is an international organisation. It says that it promotes good things like peace and security. However, there are problems at the organisation. Seventeen per cent of UN workers take a survey . It is about sexual harassment . Seventeen per cent of the workers is 30,000 people. A third of those people (10,000 people) say that they were harassed in the last two years.	The United Nations is an international organisation. It says that it promotes positive things like peace and security. However, 17 per cent of the UN employees (30,000 people) took an online survey about sexual harassment . A third of those people (10,000 people) said that they were sexually harassed in the past two years. More than a half of the harassed people were harassed at the work place.	The United Nations is an international organisation which aims to promote peace, security and cooperation, and seventeen per cent of the staff there completed an online survey about their experience with sexual harassment at the bloc . From the surveyed 30,000 people, 10,000 of them experienced sexual harassment at the bloc in the last two years, and more than a half of the harassed experienced it in an office setting.
This news is about two window cleaners. They are cleaning the windows of a tall building. They are 91 floors above the ground. The building is in Shanghai. The window cleaners are on a platform . The platform starts to move. It moves a lot. Somebody films this. It looks pretty scary. People save the cleaners. They go to hospital, but they are fine. People are investigating the accident.	Two window cleaners in Shanghai went through a scary ordeal . They were outside the 91st floor of a building when their platform began to swing and hit the building. The platform broke some glass – it fell into the building and down to the ground. The situation lasted for 15 minutes. People saved both men and they were not injured seriously. The cause of the incident is still unknown.	A terrifying ordeal for two window cleaners in China, as the platform they were working on began swinging violently and smashing into the building. The incident, which took place outside the 91st floor of the Shanghai World Financial Centre, lasted for 15 minutes with their cradle slamming into a wall at one point, sending glass flying into the building and down to the ground. While the exact cause of the incident is not known, the two men were eventually winched to safety and taken to hospital where they were treated for minor injuries. An investigation is now under way.
Kashmir is a region in Asia. Three different countries control it. India, Pakistan and China each control a part. There were two wars in Kashmir. The wars were between India and Pakistan. Now there is trouble in the Indian Kashmir. Indian police and rebels fight. There is a gun battle . Six people die. Many more are injured. The battle starts protests. People throw rocks at the police. The police fight back.	Kashmir is divided among three countries – China, Pakistan and India – and each country controls a different part. India and Pakistan fought two wars over Kashmir. There is trouble in the Indian-controlled Kashmir. The Indian forces raid homes, looking for rebels. There is a gun battle between them and the rebels, and six people die with many more injured. This battle starts protests, and people start throwing rocks at the police. The police fight back.	Indian government forces raided homes in the Indian-controlled Kashmir after a tip-off that rebels were hiding there. There was a gun battle between the security forces and rebels in which six people died and many were injured. The deadly battle sparked protests and clashes . Protesters threw rocks and forces fired shotgun pellets and tear gas at them. The region of Kashmir is currently divided among three countries – China, Pakistan and India – and the last two have fought two wars over who owns it.
One of the biggest car shows begins in Munich, Germany. It is the first big event since the start of the coronavirus. Many people are excited. Carmakers still have many problems right now. Carmakers do not have enough electric parts for their cars. They must make fewer cars. Many companies focus on electric cars now. Electric cars need better electric parts than other cars. This is a big problem for companies. Another problem is the price of materials is going up. Carmakers think that the problems will continue next year and maybe the following year, too.	Carmakers introduced new electric cars at a car show in Munich, Germany. It was the first big event since the pandemic started, and many people looked forward to it. Global problems in the automotive industry still had a big impact on companies and visitors, too. There are not enough chips for new cars, and carmakers must lower the number of cars which they make. It is a big problem for the production of electric cars because they need high-tech electronics. Rising prices of materials are another problem because they increase the prices of new cars. Some companies expect that these problems will continue in 2022 and maybe even the following year.	Car manufacturers are busy showing new electric vehicles at the Munich, Germany, car show; however, the global shortage of semiconductor chips is casting  a shadow over the event. The show is the car industry´s first major global event since the start of the pandemic, with all big companies taking part. German carmaker Volkswagen made headline news with its ID LIFE, a preview of its upcoming compact electric city car, and the company hopes to put on sale in 2025. The estimated price is less than 24,000 dollars. Electric cars require high-tech electronics, which is a problem right now, as well as rising costs for material. As a result of few chips, carmakers from General Motors to Toyota have been forced to reduce what they make. The news of supply problems keeps coming, and some companies already confirmed that shortages could linger into 2022 and even the year after. However, the severity of the problem should ease.
There is a storm in Thailand. Boats are in the storm. They are in 5-metre waves on the sea. One boat overturns . There are 105 people on it. Ninety-three of the people are Chinese tourists. Twelve are Thai crew . Thirty-eight people die. Eighteen people are missing . People are trying to find them.	There was a storm off Thailand’s Phuket Island last Thursday. The waves were 5 metres tall, and boats were caught up in the storm, with one vessel capsizing. It was carrying 93 Chinese tourists and twelve Thai crew . Thirty-eight people from the vessel died. Eighteen people are missing and divers are looking for them.	Ninety-three Chinese tourists, and twelve Thai crew and tourist guides were on board a vessel off of Thailand’s Phuket Island when it hit waves 5 metres tall. Other tourist boats were also caught up in the storm which hit the area last Thursday. The boat capsized and 38 people have been confirmed dead. Divers are searching the wreckage for survivors, with 18 people still missing.
This news is from a zoo in England. Rare frogs have babies there. People call these frogs cinnamon frogs. They come from Southeast Asia. They live in tropical forests there. The frogs need special conditions. People must create these conditions. For example, the frogs need little ponds in trees. People build a new exhibit at the zoo. It costs 30 million pounds. The frogs will go there soon.	Forty-three cinnamon frogs hatched in a zoo in England. These frogs are very rare and they come from the tropical forests of Southeast Asia. This was the first time people bred the frogs in Europe. Zookeepers had to recreate conditions of the tropical forest. For example, the frogs need little ponds in rotting logs with fallen leaves in them. The group of the frogs will soon move to a new exhibit. It opens later this year and it cost 30 million pounds to build. It is the biggest project in UK zoo history.	These rare frogs are usually found in Southeast Asia but have been bred at Chester Zoo for the first time, making it a European first. The 43 cinnamon frogs are the only amphibians of their kind to hatch in any zoo in the world in nearly two years. To encourage the frogs to breed, keepers recreated conditions to mimic the tropical forests of Borneo and Sumatra where the species come from. Water-filled cavities in rotting logs are a habitat that was mirrored by zookeepers. The frogs are also naturally found in ponds that tend to be sat among trees with lots of bark and fallen leaves in the water, so the pH is low due to a build-up of acid. The zoo’s group of cinnamon frogs will move to a brand new exhibit when Islands, a new 30-million-pound development, opens later this year. Islands, which will recreate habitats in the Philippines, Bali and Sumatra, is billed as the biggest and most ambitious expansion project in UK zoo history.
Trump visits Britain. He meets the Prime Minister Theresa May. They talk to the press together. Trump and May want a new trade agreement between the USA and Britain. Trump and his wife also meet the Queen. Some people do not like Trump. They protest. Tens of thousands of people protest in Central London. One of the things that they do not like is Trump’s immigration policy .	The American President Trump came to England on Friday, and first met with the Prime Minister Theresa May. They held a press conference together, as May and Trump want to work towards a free trade agreement between Britain and the USA. Trump said that he does not care if Britain is in or out of the EU. Trump and the First Lady also met the Queen at Windsor Castle. Before and during Trump’s visit, there were protests. Tens of thousands of people protested in Central London, and one of the things that they protested against was Trump’s immigration policy .	US President Donald Trump came to England on Friday and first met with the Prime Minister Theresa May. At a joint press conference, May said that the two countries agreed to pursue an ambitious UK-US free trade agreement, with Donald Trump adding that he is OK with ‘whatever Britain is going to do’ in regards to leaving the EU as long as they can trade together. Trump and the First Lady also met the Queen at Windsor Castle. It came as no surprise that there were protests ahead and during Trump’s visit. Tens of thousands of protesters marched through Central London, voicing their concerns over his agenda and immigration policy , for example.
People use technology to change videos or audio. Sometimes other people cannot tell that the new videos or audio are not real. These new things are called ‘deepfakes’. Deepfakes worry American leaders. They think that people can use them to disrupt the election process in 2020. It is very hard to stop deepfakes. They are on social media. Social media are everywhere. Also, information moves quickly on the Internet. Deepfakes can hurt a person’s reputation . Some people think that businesses should take deepfakes down. Other people say that people can say what they want.	People can now use technology to manipulate videos or audio to make ‘deepfakes’. It is difficult for others to tell if the new media is fake. Deepfakes worry American politicians because they say that people can use them to disrupt the election process in the 2020 elections. This problem is difficult to control because social media is everywhere, and information spreads quickly on the Internet. Some people say that businesses should take deepfakes down if they are harmful to a person’s reputation. Others say that doing this limits free speech .	‘Deepfakes’ are a new type of manipulated content. For example, people can use technology to change how a video looks or how audio sounds, and it is also difficult for people to tell that it is fake. US politicians are concerned because they say that ‘ malicious actors’ can use deepfakes to create problems for elections and disrupt campaigns in the 2020 elections. The issue is difficult to control because of the ubiquity of social media, and the speeds at which information spreads on the Internet. Some people feel that if deepfakes are defamatory , they should be removed. Others say that removing false media limits free speech. Experts asked lawmakers to work with social media companies to police this issue better.
A teen is in central England. He wants to travel to the south of England. He wants to take the train, but it is very expensive. He looks for a cheaper way. He takes a plane to Berlin. From there, he flies back to England. He travels an extra 1,600 kilometres. He arrives at his destination in 13 hours. However, it is still cheaper than the train!	A British teen wanted to get from the central area of England to the south, but the price of a one-way train ticket shocked him. He decided to take action and found out that it was cheaper to take a plane to Berlin first and then fly to his final destination from there. He travelled an extra 1,600 kilometres to save a little money. The journey took him 13 hours, but he said that it was a great experience .	A cost- conscious teen wanted to travel from Sheffield in northern England to Essex, which was around 300 kilometres from his location. He wanted to travel home by train but was ‘absolutely astonished at the price’. He then found out that it was actually cheaper to get a bus and a train from Sheffield to East Midlands Airport, get a flight to Berlin, Germany, fly from Berlin to Stansted, London, and then get a bus back home. All those extra 1,600 kilometres saved Brian a few pennies, but took him 13 hours from door-to-door . However, the adventurous teenager made his point as well as enjoyed the experience. He said that he would definitely do it again.
Thai customs takes 122 luxury cars. People also look at 300 other cars. They think that the cars are stolen. They think that people import them illegally. Fifteen of the cars are from the UK. The British police say that they are stolen. Thai customs shows some of the cars on the news. This is to show that the cars are found. They also find cars that people put together in Thailand.	In Thailand, Thai customs seized 122 luxury cars and is inspecting 300 other vehicles that people think were stolen and imported there illegally. Fifteen of the cars were from the UK, which British authorities had reported as stolen. Thai customs showed some of the cars on the news to show that they found the cars. They also found cars that were illegally put together in Thailand.	In Thailand, Thai customs seized 122 cars, 15 of which were stolen in the UK and British authorities had reported stolen and exported there. Now the country is inspecting 300 other vehicles that people also think were imported illegally. Britain had been looking for a Mercedes and a Nissan, and during a news  briefing , Thai customs showed those specific cars to demonstrate that they had been found. The group also found two Lamborghinis that had been partially shipped from the UK and later assembled in Thailand. A Thai importer had tried to ship them out of the country to evade officials.
A lot of people know the Star Wars films. They are science fiction films. Many things in these films do not exist. Lightsabres are a type of sabres in the films. People make fake lightsabres for real life. They glow with light. Some make sounds and light effects. When two people fight, they call it a duel. Duelling with lightsabres becomes a sport in France. People can hit the opponent in a few areas. They can hit the head. They can hit the arms. They can hit the legs. Or they can hit the hand. If you hit your opponent, you get points. When you get 15 points, you win.	Until now, you could only see lightsabre duels in the Star Wars films, but thanks to the French Fencing Federation, the activity became an official sport in the country. The fighters use fake lightsabres which cannot hurt anyone. The cheap ones only glow , but the more expensive versions have sound and light effects. The rules of lightsabre fencing are easy – a hit to the head is five points, a hit to the arms and legs is three, and a hit to the hands is one point. The winner is the person who reaches fifteen points first.	Lightsabre duelling could be seen only in Star Wars films, but the French Fencing Federation recently made it an official sport in the country. The lightsabre replicas are harmless , but they can look and sound just like the weapons in the movies. A lightsabre manufacturer said that it makes very basic ones, which only have an on-off button, and come in different colours or shapes. The more expensive versions include sound and blade effects. During battle, the Jedis or Siths can earn five points for a blow to the opponent’s head, three for striking the arms and legs and one point for hitting the hands. The winner is the person who reaches fifteen points first.
A man has a big ball. He puts this ball on the water. He can walk in the ball and it moves. The man wants to do something dangerous. He wants to walk from Florida to Bermuda then to Puerto Rico and back to Florida. Coast guards from Florida look for the man. They find him. They tell him to stop this trip, but he is stubborn . However, he later activates his beacon . A helicopter comes to get him.	A man tried to run around the Bermuda Triangle in a water walking ball. People reported him missing, so the US coast guard started to look for him. The man was found disoriented and asking for directions to Bermuda. The coast guards noticed that he stocked the ball only with water and protein bars, and they tried to make him abandon his trip. He didn’t want to give up in the beginning, but he activated his beacon on Saturday morning and the coast guard saved him. The man is now safe and the rescue operation did not injure him.	This video footage shows the moment a man who attempted to run around the Bermuda Triangle in a hydro-bubble, is rescued off the coast of Florida, after becoming exhausted . Reza Baluchi had planned a death-defying ‘zorbing’ trip across the sea to Bermuda, then Puerto Rico and back to southern Florida. US Coast Guard officials set out to rescue him on October 4 th after they received reports of a middle aged man who was missing. Reza was reportedly found disoriented inside the hydro-bubble and was understandably asking for directions to Bermuda. The coast guard tried to convince Baluchi to abandon his 3,500-mile trip after noticing the bubble was only stocked with water and protein bars, but an adamant Reza refused to leave. The endurance -runner stressed that he prepared for the journey for two years and wanted to continue. Finally, after activating his locating beacon on Saturday morning, he was hoisted aboard an MH-60 Jayhawk and flown to Florida for a medical examination. Reza is now safe and there were no reports of any injuries during the rescue operation.
Asteroids can hit the earth. NASA says that this can happen. However, there is a very small chance . NASA does want to talk about this. NASA starts working with FEMA. FEMA is another American government agency . The agencies hold a conference. Scientists from all over the world come to the conference. They talk about asteroids. They talk about what people can do to protect Earth.	NASA and FEMA (the Federal Emergency Management Agency) are working together. They are going to have a training of things to do if an asteroid comes towards the earth. Scientists from across the world are attending a conference this week. They are going to talk about objects which can put the earth in danger and about the things the people can do to stop them. NASA says that there is little chance that an asteroid will hit the earth.	The American government agencies of NASA and FEMA (the Federal Emergency Management Agency) are working together to hold a drill in case an asteroid comes towards the earth. Scientists from across the world are attending a conference this week to talk about objects which threaten the earth and the steps that we can take to stop them. NASA says that an asteroid hitting the earth is not likely, but the exercise will help develop ‘more effective communications with each other and with our governments’.
The bear is a symbol of Russia. There is a football match . Before the game, a man and a bear come onto the pitch . The bear’s name is Nina. She is a circus bear. She gives the ball to the referee . She then claps.	A man brought a circus bear onto a football pitch in Russia to hype up the crowd. Tina, the bear, gave the ball to the referee and clapped before the start of the game. The bear is seen as the symbol of Russia. Animal welfare groups criticised the act .	A circus bear named Tina come out onto a football pitch in Russia to hype up the crowd. The real-life mascot handed the ball to the referee and clapped, facing the spectators before the start of the game. Animal welfare groups condemned the act, calling it inhumane . Russia is hosting the 2018 World Cup, but FIFA said that the bear will not be making an appearance .
Experts find three bodies. The bodies are two women and one man. The bodies are in Lima, Peru. They are around 1000 years old. The women were probably weavers . We know this because experts found their bodies with things for weaving. Experts found the bodies near a great pyramid. The pyramid is around 1,500 years old. This discovery is important. It can tell us something about the Ichma culture.	Archaeologists uncovered the bodies of three women and one man in the Peruvian capital of Lima. The bodies date from between ad 1000 and ad 1418. Archaeologists found the bodies at the site of a great pyramid which people built around ad 500. People buried the women with ceramics, cotton fabrics and sewing tools , which means that the women were probably weavers . One expert said that the tombs are from the Ichma culture – a culture which existed before the Incan Empire.	Archaeologists working in the shadow of Peruvian capital Lima have uncovered the remains of three adult women and one man dating from between ad 1000 and ad 1418. The find was made at Huaca Pucllana the site of a great clay pyramid thought to have been built around ad 500. Researchers say the female skeletons were buried in a squatting position along with ceramics, cotton fabrics and sewing tools, suggesting that the women were weavers. Archaeologist Louisa Martinez said the tombs appeared to be of the Ichma culture, a culture that predates the Incan Empire. She says, ”We’re standing before an archaeological tomb with characteristics of the Ichma culture that existed between the years of ad 1000 and ad 1450. These are the first Ichma tombs discovered in the Huaca Pucllana.” Archaeologists say the discovery has shed new light  on the Ichma people and how they buried their dead.
In France, people are angry. They protest against a fuel tax . They protest for two weeks. Authorities do not like the violence of the protests. They do not like that so many protests are happening. They say that some extremists are taking over the protests. This weekend, 17,000 protesters peacefully walk in Paris. Afterwards, some protesters riot . They destroy a shop. Police arrest hundreds of them.	In France, people have been protesting and demonstrating for two weeks. The main protest started against a fuel tax , but now authorities say that far-right extremists are taking over the protests to spread their ideas. Authorities also do not like the amount and the violence of the protests. This weekend, a march of 17,000 climate protesters peacefully walked in Paris, but afterwards, some protesters began to riot . Police arrested hundreds of protesters after they destroyed a shop.	For two weeks across France, people have been protesting and making public demonstrations. The Cilet Jaunes (‘Yellow Vests’) started as a fuel tax protest, but now authorities say that far-right extremists are co-opting them. Authorities are also condemning the spread and the violence of all of these protests. This weekend, a march of 17,000 climate protesters peacefully walked through Paris, but after the march, smaller groups of protesters began to riot . Some wore yellow vests. Police arrested hundreds of protesters after they destroyed a sports shop at the Place de la Republique.
A boy writes to Father Christmas (Santa). He asks for some things in the letter. He puts the letter in his home’s chimney . Father Christmas never gets the letter. It stays in the chimney. Seventy-four years later, builders tear down the chimney. They find the letter. They are surprised . They take a picture of it. They put the picture on Facebook. An old man sees the picture. He contacts the builders. The old man is that little boy! It is his letter. The old man meets the builders. The builders give him the things that he wanted from the letter.	Builders were tearing down an old chimney in a house in England when they found a letter. A little boy about 73 years ago addressed the letter to Father Christmas (Santa). The boy wanted chalk, house shoes, and any toy that Santa had to spare . The builders were surprised to find this letter in the chimney. They also could see that children ask for a lot more these days. The builders put a picture of the letter on Facebook. Surprisingly, the person who wrote the letter contacted them and met with them. The builders gave the old man what he wanted all those years ago.	Builders found a 74-year-old Christmas letter by accident in England when they were tearing down an old chimney. They said that they normally find old newspapers, matchboxes, cigarettes or boxes but nothing like this. One of the builders posted a picture of the letter on Facebook to show how times have changed – kids today ask a lot more than just chalk, slippers and any toy that Santa had to spare . Since the letter was online, the now-grown-up little boy who wrote the letter got in touch. Although the boy’s letter may not have been answered all those years ago, the builders decided in the Christmas spirit to gift him those presents that he longed for when he was a little boy.
A US company tests a new drug. The drug helps slow Alzheimer´s disease. A disease is a very serious sickness. Alzheimer´s disease affects the brain and the nerves . It is a very serious disease. It usually affects people who are 65 years old and more. People with Alzheimer´s sometimes cannot remember things. Sometimes they cannot solve simple tasks . The disease gets worse over time. No drug exists that stops the disease. But a new drug can make a patient´s life easier. Some people do not believe that the new drug is good. The company tests the drug in the past. One of two tests is bad. But the company has information that the drug works well this time.	A US company tested a new drug that could slow Alzheimer´s disease. The drug would not stop the disease, but it would slow its symptoms . On Wednesday, the company said that there was strong information that the drug was effective . But some people did not believe it, because one of two tests of the drug failed in the past. If authorities approve the drug for use in the US, it will be a new Alzheimer´s drug in decades. Alzheimer´s disease is a brain disease, which means that it affects the brain and the nerves . It usually affects people who are 65 years old and more. The disease leads to problems with memory, planning or solving problems, and difficulty doing usual tasks. In the US, there are about 5.7 million people with Alzheimer´s disease.	The US company Biogen is one step closer to get its experimental Alzheimer´s disease drug approved for use in the US. On Wednesday, the US Food and Drug Administration staff issued documents that showed exceptionally persuasive evidence that the drug was effective. Some people addressed concerns that there had not been enough evidence that the drug worked, after one of Biogen´s two clinical trials failed. It the drug is approved, it will be the first treatment for Alzheimer´s disease in decades and the first drug that appears to slow progression of the disease. The neurological disease affects 5.7 million people in the US alone, and the majority of people with Alzheimer´s are 65 and older. It causes a slow decline in memory, thinking, and reasoning skills. The symptoms eventually grow severe enough to interfere with daily tasks.
The Galaxy Note 7 is a phone. Samsung makes it. This type of phone has a problem. Some of the phones catch fire. People bring these phones to Samsung. Samsung gives them new phones. The new phones are bad, too. Samsung asks people to return all Galaxy Note 7s. People bring them 2.5 million phones. Samsung stops the production , too. The USA bans these phones on planes. If you fly to or from the USA, you cannot have this phone with you. People welcome this. They want to be safe.	Some of Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 phones caught fire. People who had this problem got a new phone, but the replacements were faulty , too. Samsung recalled 2.5 million phones and stopped the production completely. The US Department of Transport banned these phones on flights to or from the United States. Passengers welcome the ban because they do not want to be on a plane that can catch on fire because of a phone.	Some of Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 phones caught fire, and the US Department of Transport banned the phone on flights to or from the United States. Passengers welcome the ban, saying that they do not want to be on a flight that has the risk of catching on fire due to a phone. Samsung recalled 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7s in September – but the replacements of the faulty phones still encountered problems, and the company ceased production of the phone completely last week after they failed to find the source of the fault.
Sandstorms are normal in Egypt in late winter and early spring. An extreme sandstorm hits the country. It closes highways. It closes the port of Alexandria, too. Cairo is in an orange cloud of sand. The winds blow more than 50 kilometres per hour.	Sandstorms are common in Egypt during late winter and early spring. An extreme sandstorm hit the country recently, closing highways and the port of Alexandria. An orange cloud of sand plunged Cairo into darkness. The winds blow more than 50 kilometres per hour.	Sandstorms are common in Egypt during late winter and early spring, and an extreme one forced the closing of highways and the port of Alexandria. An orange cloud of sand plunged Cairo into darkness with winds reaching speeds of more than 50 kilometres per hour.
Jimi Hendrix was a guitar player. He was very good. He was born in 1942 in Seattle, USA. He also lived in London. He lived there in 1968 and 1969. He died in 1970. He was 27. People refit his London flat. It looks like how it did in 1968. The refit costs 2.5 million pounds. The refit takes 2 years. You can visit the flat now. Handel was a composer . He lived next door to Hendrix. However, he lived there in 1700. They lived 200 years apart.	Jimi Hendrix was a great guitar player. In 1942, he was born in Seattle, but in 1968 to 1969, he also lived in London. He died in 1970 at the age of 27. People refitted his London apartment, and now it looks just as it did when he lived there. The refit cost 2.5 million pounds and took 2 years. The whole place will be open to the public. The property is right next door to the Handel house where composer Handel lived for 36 years. The two musicians were something like neighbours – but neighbours who were two centuries apart.	Jimi Hendrix, the ultimate guitar hero, was born into poverty in Seattle in 1947 and he died in London aged just 27 after a hedonistic lifestyle. Now, fans have the chance to see what his bedroom in his London home looked like. The property in Mayfair has been restored over a two-year period to look as close as possible as it did when he lived there in 1968 and 1969. 23 Brook Street in Mayfair has been fully kitted out with feathers, tapestry rugs and a ton of vinyl records in a 2.5-million-pound refit . For many years, it’s been seen as a place of interest. In 1997, an English Heritage blue plaque , the first ever given to a pop star, was posted on the wall outside the apartment. The property is right next door to Handel House where composer Handel lived for 36 years during the mid-1700s. The entire third floor will be open to the public as well as an exhibition that shows the musician’s movements between 1968 and 1969. The building forms part of Handel and Hendrix, a museum devoted to two musicians who were neighbours but two centuries apart. Note: the audio recording is incorrect. Jimi Hendrix was born in 1942. 
Two men ride bicycles in Brussels. They crash their bicycles many times. They crash into things in the street. They do this on purpose . They do this to make a video. They think that Brussels is not safe for people who ride bicycles. They think that other cities in Europe are safe. The men put the video on the Internet. They do this on February 11th. Around 100,000 people watch the video. Many people like it.	Two men crashed their bicycles many times, hurting themselves on purpose , to make a video that they put on the Internet. In the video, they crashed into things you encounter in the streets in Brussels, such as poles or fences. They and other cyclists believe that Brussels is not safe for bicycling, unlike other cities in Europe. Now the video is very popular on the Internet. The men put it online on February 11th and in three weeks, 100,000 people have watched it.	A pair of cyclists in Brussels have braved more than a few bruises to create a video that has become an Internet sensation . So the question is, why they have done it? Well, it’s to highlight the plight of those who choose to travel around the Belgian capital on two wheels. The video, which shows its makers crashing into street furniture as they cycle around the city, has become something of an Internet hit, reaching more than 100,000 views in just over three weeks, since it was published on the 11 th of February. The amateur video reflects a movement of growing discontent amongst cyclists in the city, in contrast to European cities, which lead the way for city cycling, such as Amsterdam and Copenhagen.
A woman is in Colombia. She is 22 years old. She wants to fly to Spain. She is at an airport. The police stop her. The police find 1.5 kilograms of cocaine. The cocaine is in the woman’s body. It is in her breast implants . The woman goes to hospital. Doctors remove the implants. The woman must stay in the hospital for some time. She also is in trouble. She may go to prison for 6 years. People produce drugs in Colombia. They produce around 300 tons of cocaine a year there.	A 22 year-old woman was trying to travel from Colombia to Spain when police stopped her at the airport. She had 1.5 kilograms of cocaine in her breast implants. She was moved to hospital where doctors removed the implants. The implants caused an infection, so the woman had stay in hospital. Furthermore , she now faces up to six years in prison. Colombia has a long history of drug production and trafficking . Every year, people produce some 300 tons of cocaine there.	She had 1.5 kilograms of cocaine in these breast implants . As a result, 22-year-old Paola Deyanira Sabillon from Honduras faces up to six years in prison. “In the last few hours, the Colombian National Police have captured a young Honduran woman of 22 years old at El Dorado International Airport. The woman arrived 10 days ago in the country and was transferred to the city of Pereira where surgery was completed on her and 1,500 grams of liquid cocaine was found inside her.” She was trying to travel to Spain when police stopped her. It’s thought liquid cocaine was inserted in her implants in the Colombian city of Pereira. Due to an infection caused by the implant, she remains in hospital.
Iceland is an island. It is 190 kilometres long and 25 kilometres wide. There is an active volcano there. Lava comes out of it. Small earthquakes happen every day. People cannot come to the volcano. If something goes wrong, officials will evacuate people.	Iceland is an island where ice meets fire. It is 190 kilometres long and up to 25 kilometres wide. A volcano on the island began to erupt five months ago. Around 50 to 70 cubic metres of lava flows out of the volcano every second. It is Iceland’s largest eruption since 1783. People report small earthquakes in the area every day. Officials keep tourists and hikers away from the volcano, and the local villages are prepared for evacuation.	Where ice and fire meet. Lava pours out of Iceland’s Bardarbunga Volcano almost five months after its eruption began back in August. The impressive Holuhraun Lava Field cuts a swathe across the North Atlantic island of 190 kilometres long and up to 25 kilometres wide, with Iceland’s Met Office reporting small earthquakes in the area every day. It is Iceland’s largest flow since the Laki eruption in 1783 with lava flowing over the last few weeks at an estimated 50 to 70 cubic metres per second. And with high values of toxic sulphuric dioxide still being recorded, tourists and hikers are being kept away from this extreme landscape with local villages prepared for evacuations if the gases or lava spread.
Colosseum is an amphitheater. An amphitheater is a large building. It has no roof. People build amphitheaters in Italy and Greece two thousand years ago. They use amphitheaters for concerts, theater plays, and sports. The Colosseum is in Rome, Italy. It is the largest amphitheater in the world. A museum is inside. There are many concerts and other events in the past. Then authorities must close the Colosseum. The reason is the coronavirus. Now the situation is getting better. The Colosseum can open again. Students from a music school have a concert there. They celebrate a new beginning. The Colosseum is almost empty . Only a few people can watch the concert.	The Colosseum in Rome, Italy, is the largest amphitheater in the world. It is more than 1,900 years old, but it is still open to visitors. Italian authorities closed the Colosseum, as well as many other public places, because of the coronavirus. The situation was very serious in Italy, and people could not go anywhere for months. Now, it seems that the situation is getting better, and the Colosseum and other museums can open again. There was a concert at the Colosseum to celebrate the opening, and conservatory students sang classical songs. A few people could enjoy the moment and the special atmosphere of an almost empty amphitheater. The singers said that it was an unusual moment for them, too, because they could be at the start of new and better times.	The Colosseum is the largest ancient amphitheater ever built, and it is still the largest standing amphitheater in the world today, despite its age. It´s located in the center of Rome, Italy, and it was built between 70 – 80 AD . COVID-19 restrictions have relaxed in Italy for the first time since before Christmas, allowing the Colosseum and other museums to reopen. Students from the Santa Cecilia Conservatory played a classical selection inside the amphitheater for the special occasion. However, there were no crowds and only a few people had the privilege of listening to the concert in an almost empty arena. The singers said that it was an emotional moment for them because there hadn´t been many concerts during the coronavirus pandemic, and they felt honored to be there on the first day of the reopening. Organizers wished the event would be a sign of hope for a new beginning.
Rodrigo Duterte is the president of the Philippines. He gives a  speech . He talks about Hitler. He says that he is like Hitler. He says that Hitler killed 3 million Jews. He would like to kill 3 million people. Not Jews, but he wants to kill drug addicts in the Philippines. He thinks that this would be good for his country. His speech makes the USA and the EU worried.	The Philippines’ President Duterte compared himself to Hitler in a speech. He said that Hitler killed three million Jews. He would be happy to kill three million drug  addicts in the Philippines. He thinks that this would finish the problem of his country and save the next generation. The USA and the EU are concerned about Duterte’s war on drugs. Since he became President in May, thousands of vigilante killings have happened there.	The Philippines’ President Duterte compared himself to Hitler, saying that Hitler massacred three million Jews, and that he would be happy to slaughter three million drug addicts in the Philippines to finish the problem of his country and save the next generation. The USA and the EU are concerned about Duterte’s war on drugs. People believe that thousands of vigilante  killings have happened since Duterte was elected in May.
A café opens in Los Angeles. It is a dog café. There are dogs in the café. You can have a cup of coffee. You can play with the dogs. All of the dogs are from shelters . They have no homes. You can adopt the dogs. Dogs in some shelters are put to sleep . The owner of the café does not like this. She saves the dogs. She helps the dogs and finds them new homes. People like the café. You pay 10 dollars to get one coffee and 55 minutes with the dogs.	People in Los Angeles, California, can have a cup of coffee and play with dogs at the same time at a dog café. Every dog in the café came from a shelter and is available for adoption. The owner wants to decrease the number of dogs that are euthanised in Los Angeles shelters. She also hopes that there are going to be more cafés like this one, so more dogs will not die. Many people like the idea, so the café can be quite expensive. To get one cup of coffee and 55 minutes with the dogs costs 10 dollars.	A dog café opened in Los Angeles and lets customers couple their cappuccinos with a bit of pooch playtime with dogs who are looking for a new home. Due to high demand , ten dollars gets you a cup of joe and 55 minutes with the dogs. Every dog has been rescued from a shelter and now café owner Sarah Wolfgang and her staff are rehabilitating them. She said that her hope is to decrease the number of dogs that are euthanised at shelters across Los Angeles as well as other cities if the idea of a business like this spreads.
A plane is flying from Brazil to Colombia. There are 81 people on the plane. The plane crashes . Seventy-six people die. Most of the passengers are football players. They are members of the Chapecoense Football Team. They were going to Medellin. They had an important football match to play there. People are shocked by the tragedy.	Seventy-two passengers and 9 crew were on a flight from Brazil to Colombia. Some of the passengers were members of the Chapecoense Football Team. They were going to Medellin. The plane crashed and 76 people died. Amazingly, there were a few survivors, two of them being members of the club. The small club is from Chapelco in Brazil, and this was the first time that it reached the final of a major South American club competition . People are shocked by the tragedy. Real Madrid had a minute’s silence for the people who died in the crash.	Seventy-two passengers and 9 crew were flying from Brazil to Medellin on a charter  flight in Columbia when it crashed. This happened on the Monday. Some of the passengers were members of the Chapecoense Football Team. It was the first time that the small club from Chapelco had reached the final of a major South American club competition. The plane crashed in Colombia, killing 76 people. Real Madrid had a minute’s silence for the victims of the crash. The South American Football Federation suspended all games and other activities following the incident. Amazingly, there were a few survivors, two of them been members of the club.
A man sets a new world record. 109.05 kilograms of bees cover him. Ten thousand bees weigh one kilogram – the man has about 1.1 million bees on him. The man is 55 years old. Other beekeepers put the bees on him.	A Chinese man set a new world record on Monday – he covered himself with 109.05 kilograms of bees. According to experts, 10,000 bees weigh one kilo, so about 1.1 million bees covered the man’s body. The man is 55 years old and has been a beekeeper for over 30 years. His fellow beekeepers helped him by pouring large balls of bees from hundreds of hives on his body.	For most of us, this is the stuff nightmares are made of – being covered head to toe with bees, 1.1 million bees! A Chinese man set a new world record on Monday by covering himself with 109.05 kilograms of bees. Gao Bingguo, a 55-year-old from the Shandong Province of China has been a beekeeper for over 30 years. He was helped by his fellow beekeepers who poured large balls of bees from hundreds of hives to his body. In order to attract even more bees, they attached a dozen queen bees as well. In an hour, bees weighing 109 kilos had covered him, breaking the 83.5-kilo record set by another Chinese beekeeper, Zhang Wei. According to experts, 10,000 bees weigh approximately one kilo, so it’s estimated Gao’s body was covered by about 1.1 million bees. Not to be tried at home!
The Nazis have a train. They put expensive things on the train. They put on the train 300 tons of gold, jewels , and art. They drive this train into secret tunnels. The tunnels are in an area in Germany. This is in 1945. Now, this same area is in Poland. All of this is only a story. It may be true. We do not know. A group of people are building a replica of this train. They are Polish. They are working in an old factory. The replica is as big as a real train. When they finish, they move the train. They put it at the end of a tunnel. This can be a tourist attraction. They hope that people like it. They hope that people will come see it.	Legend has it that in 1945, the Nazis filled a train with up to 300 tons of gold, jewels, and masterpieces. They drove it into secret tunnels in an area of Germany. This area is now part of Poland. A group of Polish enthusiasts are building a full-size replica of this famous train. The group is working in an old wood processing factory. These people already have an armoured wagon, which is over 12 metres long. Now, they will build three armoured freight  cars and an armoured locomotive. Then they will move everything and connect it to a tunnel. This will look like the train has arrived. The group hopes that this will become the area’s tourist attraction.	Legend has it that in 1945, the Nazis filled a train with up to 300 tons of gold, jewels, and masterpieces and then drove it into secret tunnels in an area of Germany which is now part of Poland. There is no evidence that the train or any trains ever existed and searches have been fruitless . A group of Polish enthusiasts decided to build a full-size replica of this famous train, and the group is building it in a former wood processing factory. So far, the group has built an armoured wagon, which is over 12 metres long. Next, the enthusiasts will build three armoured freight  cars and an armoured locomotive. Then they will rearrange everything and connect it to a tunnel, which will give the impression that the train has arrived to be loaded. The group hopes that it will become a tourist attraction which will revive the area’s popularity.
The Suez Canal is in Egypt. It earns Egypt 5 billion dollars a year. Egypt makes the canal better. Ships waited 22 hours before. Now, they wait 11 hours. The canal will help the economy. It will make 15 billion dollars. The canal is a symbol of Egypt’s economy .	The Suez Canal earns Egypt 5 billion US dollars a year. The country says that the new Suez Canal is now finished, and it should increase revenues by 2023 to 15 billion dollars. Egypt hired six firms to finish the project in a year. The new canal includes a 34-kilometre cut through the desert, and people dredged 35 kilometres of existing bodies of water. The Egyptian president sees the project as a symbol of national pride for Egypt.	The Suez Canal – it earns Egypt around 5 billion US dollars a year. The country has said the new Suez Canal is now finished and should increase revenues by 2023 to 15 billion dollars. The project is seen as a symbol of national pride by President el-Sisi and a chance to stimulate the economy. The expansion adds an additional lane along part of the shipping canal which officials say will shorten waiting times, reducing navigation time for ships from 22 to 11 hours. It includes 21 miles of channels cut through the desert and a further 22 miles where existing bodies of water were dredged to make way for larger ships. The government also plans to build an international industrial and logistics hub near the Suez Canal that it expects will eventually make up about a third of the Egyptian economy. The Egyptian government hired six international firms to dig new sections of the canal and dredge the existing waterways to complete the project in a year. The new waterway will be officially unveiled on the 6th of August.
This news is about Spain. From 1936 to 1939, there is a war. It is the Spanish Civil War . Around 30,000 people die. The side with Francisco Franco wins the war. Franco becomes a dictator. He is a dictator in Spain until he dies in 1975. There is a big monument in Spain. It shows respect to the 30,000 dead people. Franco is buried there, too. He has a tombstone there. An artist comes to this tombstone. He draws a red dove and writes ‘For Freedom’ on the tombstone.	Francisco Franco ruled Spain as a dictator from 1939 to 1975. He came to power after he won the Spanish Civil War, and people buried him at a monument dedicated to 30,000 people who died during this war. Spanish artist Enrique Tenreiro drew a red dove and the slogan ‘For Freedom’ on Franco’s tombstone last Wednesday. Tenreiro is a sculptor and video artist known for provocative acts – once he rode in a glass elevator sitting on a bidet. As guards led him away from the tomb, he shouted, ‘For freedom and the reconciliation of all Spaniards’.	Spanish artist Enrique Tenreiro defaced Franco’s tombstone with a red dove and the slogan ‘For Freedom’ last Wednesday. The incident took place at Franco’s final resting place, the Valley of the Fallen, which is a vast monument dedicated to the 30,000 people who died during the Spanish Civil War. After the war, Francisco Franco went to rule Spain with an iron fist until his death in 1975. People know the sculptor and video artist for provocative acts – once he rode in a glass elevator while sitting on a bidet. As guards led him away from the scene, people could hear him shouting, ‘For freedom and the reconciliation of all Spaniards’.
Clean energy is important to Costa Rica. It has laws to use clean energy. This year it does something different. It does not burn things to make energy . It only uses water, light, heat from the inside of the earth and wind. This is special. Not many countries do this. Costa Rica does not have many people. It also does not need energy to make money. Visitors and food make it money. Costa Rica wants to be carbon neutral in 2021. It will use heat energy. It will cost a lot of money to do this.	Clean energy is so important to Costa Rica that it has laws which say that it has to use it . Amazingly, during the first 75 days of this year, Costa Rica used water, solar, heat from the earth and wind energies to power itself instead of burning fossil fuels . Costa Rica could do this because it has less than 5 million people and no industry for making things. Instead, it depends on tourism and agriculture . Costa Rica wants to be carbon neutral by 2021 by mainly using heat energy. This will cost about 958 million dollars.	Could it be the cleanest country in the world? Costa Rica has managed to achieve a clean energy milestone by using only renewable energy for the first 75 days of the year, which is a record for any country. Thanks to heavy rainfall this year, its hydroelectric  plants alone are generating almost enough electricity to power the entire country. With a boost from geothermal , solar, and wind energy sources, Costa Rica doesn’t need any coal or petroleum to keep the lights on. No fossil fuels have been burnt to generate electricity since December last year. Costa Rica is known for its clean energy policies . Of course, though, the country does have a lot of things going in its favour . It’s a pretty small nation of less than 5 million people. It doesn’t have much of a manufacturing  industry , which would require a lot of energy. Its economy relies on tourism and agriculture , particularly bananas and coffee. And it’s filled with volcanoes and lots of other things that lend themselves to renewable energy – its tropical climate with high rainfall and mountainous interior . Costa Rica has a goal of being carbon neutral by 2021. New geothermal projects are already said to be in the planning stages to ensure that the country doesn’t have to rely on fossil fuels in the future. The Central American state’s government approved a 958-million-dollar geothermal project last year. Geothermal energy is basically the heat from the earth. Resources of geothermal energy range from the shallow grounds to hot water and hot rock found a few miles beneath the earth’s surface. The first plant, when completed, is expected to make 55 megawatts of electricity, which is enough to power 55,000 homes. And there are plans for a further two 50 megawatts plants to be built nearby. You may be thinking a 958 million dollar project is a lot of money, but reportedly, Costa Rica hasn’t had a military since 1948, so while saving money on defence, it’s got lots left over to spend on projects like this.
This news is about history. There is a place in England. It is near Cambridgeshire. Archaeologists call it the British Pompeii. It is an archaeological  site . It is full of interesting things. These things are 3000 years old. The things are well- preserved . For example, archaeologists find a wheel. This is the oldest wheel in Britain. They also find bowls. There are pieces of food in the bowls. The experts say that this is amazing. It is like steeping into somebody’s life or somebody’s home.	In England, archaeologists found a 3000-year-old wooden wheel. It is very well- preserved . It is the oldest and most complete wheel found in Britain. It is only one of many finds at the site near Cambridgeshire. Last month, experts discovered pieces of food in bowls. Somebody was eating the food when a fire destroyed the village. One archaeologist said that it was like stepping into somebody’s life or somebody’s home. These discoveries give archaeologists a new picture about the way people lived between 1100-800 bc . The team who is working there calls the site a British version of the Roman town of Pompeii.	People found a 3000-year-old ancient wooden wheel from the Bronze Age, the most complete to have ever been found in Britain. They recently uncovered it in England. It is one metre in diameter and so well-preserved that it still contains part of the axle . One archaeologist working at the site said that uncovering the things they are finding is something that no one normally dreams of. The unique place offers a time capsule into the lives of the British prehistoric ancestors as the Bronze Age came to an end. Another expert said that it was literally like stepping into somebody’s life or somebody’s home. The previous month, they discovered food remains in intact bowls. The food in the bowls was a meal that people were eating at the time that a fire destroyed the settlement 3,000 years ago. The team working there calls this site a British version of the Roman town of Pompeii because river silts have preserved it so well.
There is a new machine for firefighters in Dubai. It has no special lights, no sirens and it is not red. The city of Dubai is looking for new ideas to stop fire. When summer temperatures can go up over 45 degrees Celsius, there is a need for a machine that is OK with hot weather and can stop fire. People made a new jet ski . It is good for fast reaction. It can go faster to difficult places. When the jet ski is on location of a fire, it is time to use a jetpack . The jetpack puts the firefighter in the air. The firefighter can stop the fire from a higher point. Busy traffic often slows the way of big fire cars. This new idea can help to save more lives.	There is a new machine for firefighters in Dubai. It has no special lights, no sirens and is not even the right color. The city of Dubai is looking for new ideas of fighting fire, and it is doing it in style. When summer temperatures go up over 45 degrees Celsius, there is a need for a machine that is used to getting hot and can prevent fire. So there is this new firefighting jet ski for quick response to difficult to reach places. Once the jet ski is on location of fire, it is time to use a jetpack that puts the firefighter into the air by streams of water. The firefighter can then attack the fire from a higher point. Busy traffic can often slow the response of a large fire truck, and people are hoping that this latest innovation could provide an additional opportunity to save lives.	There is a new machine for firefighters in Dubai. It has no flashing lights, no sirens and it is not even the right color. It is fair to say that the city of Dubai is looking outside the box when it comes to fighting fire, but one thing is for sure, that it is doing it in style. At summer temperatures of over 45 degrees Celsius, a machine used to getting hot and preventing fire is a high priority, and so there is a launch of the firefighting jet ski for quick response to difficult to reach places. Once the jet ski is on location of a fire, it is time to engage the jetpack  propelled into the air by streams of water. The firefighter can then attack the flames from a higher point. Busy traffic can often slow the response of a large fire truck, and people are hoping that this latest innovation could provide an additional opportunity to save lives.
This news is about a police academy. It is in Pakistan. There are around 200 cadets there. People attack the academy. This happens on Monday. Around 100 people are wounded . Fifty-nine people die. Attackers take some cadets hostage . The attackers have vests. These vests have bombs in them. Two attackers explode. One attacker dies. The attackers are from an Islamist group.	In Pakistan, gunmen in suicide vests attacked a police academy. There were more than 200 cadets at the academy when the gunmen attacked. The incident happened late on Monday. Around 100 people were wounded and more than 59 people died. Some of the cadets were taken hostage . Two of the attackers blew themselves up. Another attacker was shot. People think that people from the Islamist group Laskher-e-Jhangvi did this.	At least 59 people died in an attack on a police training academy in Pakistan. More than 200 cadets were at the facility when the gunmen in suicide vests stormed in . Some of the cadets were reportedly taken hostage during the incident in Quetta late on Monday. More than 100 people were wounded in the attack, which lasted around five hours. According to officials, two of the gunmen blew themselves up and another was shot. People believe that militants from the Islamist group Laskher-e-Jhangvi were responsible.
Julian Melcer lives in Tel Aviv, Israel. He cleans Israeli beaches every morning. He picks up cigarette butts . Julian starts to clean the beaches three years ago. He does not like the trash on beaches. He sells ashtrays to smokers. He makes up to 4,000 dollars a month in summer. He also makes art from cigarette butts. Julian talks to smokers. He tells them how dangerous cigarette butts are. They hurt sea animals and the natural world. Millions of people clean beaches in all the world. They do it for more than 30 years. The cigarette butt is the most usual trash. People pick up more than 60 million cigarette butts over 30 years. People throw away more cigarette butts than plastic bottles, containers , and other things.	Julian Melcer lives in Tel Aviv and every morning, he picks up cigarette butts from Israeli beaches. Julian started cleaning the beaches three years ago because he did not like the trash which people left behind . Julian talks to people about how dangerous cigarette buts are for the natural world and for sea animals. He sells pocket ashtrays which earn him up to 4,000 dollars a month during the summer. People use the ashtrays for cigarette ash and butts. Every year, volunteers clean the world´s beaches, and in the last thirty years, they picked up more than 60 million cigarette butts. People throw away more cigarette butts than plastic containers, bottles, and plastic wrappers all together. Cigarette butts are very dangerous, and Julian helps make people aware of the problem.	Julian Melcer picks up cigarette butts from Israeli beaches, and he sells pocket ashtrays to smokers to stop them from littering. Julian has been collecting cigarette butts at a Tel Aviv beach for about three years, and he creates artwork from them. He talks to the people and offers them a solution – an ashtray. It earns Julian about 3,000 to 4,000 dollars a month during the summer, and he is excited that his project has grown so big. He raises awareness and gets to talk to smokers. Cigarette butts are the single most littered item on the planet, and when they enter our oceans, they may kill marine life. For 32 consecutive years, they have been the most collected item on the world´s beaches, with a total of more than 60 million collected over that time. That amounts to about one third of all collected items and more than plastic wrappers, containers, bottle caps, eating utensils , and bottles combined.
The US and three countries in Central America have a plan. The US helps them if they stop illegal immigration . The US stops the help because the countries do not solve the immigration problem. Now there is new help from the US. The US makes new deals with the three countries. One US official says that the US wants to help with law , safety, and business. It is important that the countries work with the US. Donald Trump does not speak about the cost of the help. Someone says that it is $143 million dollars. The person who proposes the help now ends his job.	The US helps Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, but then the US stops. The US says that the countries do not stop illegal immigration to the US. However, a new deal is going to start. The US makes deals with the countries because it wants to help with law and security. The US Secretary of State also wants to help local business. Donald Trump does not say how much this help costs, but a source says that it is about $143 million dollars. Kevin McAleenan is the secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, and he proposes the plan for help. He wants to resign at the end of October.	The US stopped aid to Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador. The reason was that these countries did not stop illegal immigration to the US. Now, Donald Trump is starting the aid program again. The three countries signed agreements about cooperation. The US will help with law enforcement and security. The Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo, says that they want to support security, create economic opportunity , and help countries fulfill the agreement. Donald Trump did not say how much this aid costs, but some sources say $143 million dollars. Kevin McAleenan, the secretary of Department of Homeland Security, proposed the aid. He is leaving his job at the end of October.
This news is about a penguin. He is from New Zealand. People find him on a beach. He is hungry. He is in a bad condition . People take him to a zoo. The penguin gets better. Penguins must change their feathers . First, they let the old feathers go. Then, new feathers can grow. They are without feathers for 2-3 weeks. This is a problem for penguins. They cannot fish without feathers. They must prepare for the moulting season . They must eat a lot of food before it. The penguin in New Zealand is 3.3 kilograms heavy. Every day, he eats 1.2 kilograms of fish. He must be 5.5 kilograms heavy.	A penguin washed up in New Zealand. He was in a bad condition and people took him to a zoo. Now, he is better and he is preparing for the moulting season. The moulting season is a time when birds shed feathers. It takes 2-3 weeks for new feathers to grow. Penguins cannot fish without their feathers, so they must build up fat reserves before every moulting season. The penguin weighs 3.3 kilograms, and he will eat 1.2 kilograms of fish each day to reach 5.5 kilograms.	As Munro the penguin bulks up for moulting season, staff at Taronga Zoo check his weight. When penguins shed their feathers, they can’t fish for food, so it’s important they prepare for the annual moulting season by building up fat reserves. Munro weighs in at 3.3 kilograms before gulping down his reward. He won’t look so trim when he starts the moulting process, consuming 1.2 kilograms of fish each day until he reaches 5.5 kilograms. Penguins aren’t waterproof when they moult, so they stay on land for 2-3 weeks until new feathers emerge from below the skin. This week’s weigh-in also meant Munro could take a stroll through the zoo. Fjordland penguins are listed as a vulnerable species and are only found in the wet coastal rainforests of New Zealand’s Fjordland and Stewart Islands. Munro came to Taronga Zoo 9 years ago. He’d washed up near Norah Heads suffering from malnutrition after an epic 2,000-kilometre swim across the sub-Antarctic waters.
This news is from London. People put special slabs into the pavement . These slabs make electricity when somebody walks over them. The electricity can power a streetlight, for example. It also can be put into batteries. This technology is not only in London. People use it around the world.	People installed kinetic paving slabs around an area in London. These slabs generate energy from people’s footsteps as they walk over them. The electricity can be stored in batteries, or it can power a street light, for example. One of the installations powers two streetlights in the heart of the financial district . This new technology can also send wireless data, using the energy from footsteps. People already installed the tiles in many other locations worldwide.	The people of Canary Wharf in the city of London need to get marching, now that ultra-thin solar panels have been installed around the area. The transparent panels and kinetic paving slabs from Pavegen generate energy from people’s footsteps as they walk over them, gradually  harvesting enough energy to power lighting or to be stored in batteries. The clean  technology is known for developing flooring that generates electricity from footfall. And will enable members of the public strolling round Canary Wharf to experience the 10-tile installation, which will power two streetlights in the heart of the financial district. The tiles also have the ability to send wireless data using the energy from footsteps, which can then be integrated with an app to track live movements from people, and show live footfall data. The tiles have already been installed in many other locations worldwide, including Heathrow Airport.
Teachers in Chicago, USA, protest. The protests last one week. The teachers want smaller classes and better money. They say that there must be more staff in schools. The teachers speak with schools. They want to solve the difficult situation quickly. It is not easy because they have different ideas from schools. Now, there is a new deal . However, teachers are not happy with it. They do not agree on many things. The biggest problem is money. The Chicago Mayor says that Chicago does not have enough money for the teachers. Teachers do not believe that. They say that there is money. They say that the city spends it on different things.	There was a strike of teachers in Chicago that started one week ago. Teachers wanted smaller class sizes, more staff , and better money for their work . They had discussions with schools, but it was difficult to find a solution. They did not agree on many things, and the main problem was money. The Chicago Mayor was very unhappy about the situation. He says that the city does not have enough money for all that the teachers want. The teachers think that the city has enough money, and they say that the problem is that the city spends it on other things.	Thousands of students in Chicago have already missed one week of school. Teachers have been on strike since October 17. They demand smaller class sizes, more staff, and higher pay. Chicago Public Schools (CPS) and the Chicago Teachers Union (CTU) have reached a deal but CTU is not satisfied with it. At the moment, the two sides agree on the main issues, but they cannot agree on exact numbers. CTU also wants CPS to put all promises in writing. The Chicago Mayor, Lori Lightfoot, says that she is very disappointed with CTU´s reaction. She also says that the city does not have enough money for all what CTU wants. However, CTU and teachers believe that the city has a lot of money, but they do not spend it on education.
It rains a lot in Peru. Around 200,000 people are in danger. They lose their homes. They have no food. Rescue teams help them. Sixty people die this year. There is a new video. It shows a woman. She is in a mudslide . She escapes. She is extremely tired. She falls down. People take her to hospital.	Heavy rains hit Peru and put 200,000 people at risk. People who lost their homes got help. At least 60 people died this year, and more than twelve people died in the last three days. There is a video of a Peruvian woman stuck in a mudslide . She escapes the mudslide and then collapses . People took her to hospital. She was not seriously injured.	An unusual amount of rain hit Peru and it has recently been putting some 200,000 people at risk, killing at least 60 people this year and more than a dozen people in the last three days. Rescue teams are helping the families who have lost their livelihoods . A video recently emerged of a woman making a remarkable escape from a mudslide full of debris . You can see her walking herself to safety before she collapses from exhaustion . People then took her to hospital. People believe that she had no serious injuries.
Rugby is a tough sport. People play it in England. Children play it in school. Doctors worry about the sport for children. Rugby has tackling . Tackling can hurt the children. Some parents agree with the doctors. They do not want tackling. Some parents do not agree. They say that the sport must stay the same. One rugby player has paralysis . It is from an injury from playing rugby. He says that people know that they will get hurt. They still want to do it. He also says that rugby helped him with his paralysis . Rugby taught him to work hard.	Rugby is a competitive and rough sport that people play in England, but doctors worry about the effects of tackling on the children who play rugby in school. Some parents say that the game is too violent, while others say that it would be strange not to have tackling in the game. A rugby injury paralysed one player, and even he said that tackling should be part of the game. He said that people choose to play the sport because they want the contact, and that the difficulty of rugby gave him the willpower to overcome his paralysis.	More than 70 doctors and medics signed a letter to the British government, warning that children are suffering head and spinal injuries from playing rugby and they called for a ban on tackling . In the open letter to ministers, the medical experts argued that two-thirds of injuries and most concussions come from tackles, and they want schools to switch to touch and non-contact rugby. When it comes to parents, they are divided on whether the game is too rough. One mother said that boys are bigger than ever, and it is awful when you hear them bashing together. Another one said that tackling is a part of the game, and she could not just see how it could be the same without any tackling. Surprisingly, David Ross, who became paralysed by a rugby injury is against the change. He said people freely choose to play rugby because they want to have that element of contact and physicality .
A man from North Korea travels to China. North Koreans catch him. He goes to prison. He is in a prison camp for two years. He draws some pictures there. The pictures are shocking. They show bad things which happen there. People must stand in stressful positions . It is very painful. They must stay like this for three days. People have nothing to eat there. They must eat mice and snakes. They must also live in very small spaces.	The North Koreans jailed a North Korean man for travelling to China. He spent two years in a North Korean prison camp. He drew what he saw in the camp. The illustrations are shocking. Some prisoners must stand in stressful positions for three days, and they must live in very small spaces. The prisoners are hungry. They must eat mice and snakes. When a prisoner dies, mice eat his body or people cremate it. The illustrations are a part of a UN report. The report calls for Kim to face charges in the International Criminal Court.	These illustrated messages of misery by a man who survived more than two years in a North Korean prison camp show the unimaginable horrors prisoners are put through. North Korean defector Kim Kwang-il, who was jailed for travelling to China to sell pine mushrooms, submitted the disturbing illustrations depicting torture, abuse and starvation. The sketches shed more light on what life is like inside North Korea. This image shows prisoners being forced to stand in stress positions, which they describe as ‘pigeon torture’. The prisoners are made to stand in the stress position for three days straight, enduring agonising pain. A drawing of a prison guard kicking a man into a small cupboard illustrates how prisoners are forced to live in confined spaces. Another constant for many North Koreans is the threat of starvation. To survive, hungry prisoners resort to eating mice and snakes. The corpses of prisoners are typically eaten by mice or sent to the crematorium by other starving prisoners. The sketches are part of a new, damning UN report that directly accuses leader Kim Jong-un of committing crimes against humanity, reminiscent of Nazi Germany. The 400-page report calls for Kim to face charges in the International Criminal Court – including the extermination , starvation and enslavement of the country’s population.
This news is about a village. This village is in Argentina. It is by a saltwater lake. One day, something bad happens. The water rises . People must leave the village. The water covers the village. It is under water for 30 years. Now, the water evaporates . You can visit the village again. It looks very strange .	Epecuen in Argentina was a lakeside village. People knew it for its saltwater baths. In November 1985, however, Epecuen came to a sudden end. The town’s lake overflowed and water surged into the town. People had to leave and saltwater covered the buildings by almost 10 metres. Now, 30 years on, the water evaporated and people can walk through the ruins. The town looks like something from a zombie apocalypse film!	Epecuen, which is 549 kilometres southwest of Buenos Aires, Argentina, once was a busy lakeside village renowned for its saltwater baths. This came to a sudden end in November 1985, though, when the town’s lake overflowed and water surged into the town. Locals and tourists were forced to evacuate and just days later, their homes and buildings were covered by almost 10 metres of salt water. Now, 30 years on, the village is one of Argentina’s tourist attractions once more; the water has evaporated and former residents can walk through the ruins of what was once their town. It looks like a setting from a zombie apocalypse film.
An Egyptian woman weighs 500 kilogrammes. She is the heaviest woman in the world. She needs to go to India to see doctors. She needs weight reduction surgery . She flies to India. In India, she cannot travel in a car. She is too heavy. She must travel in a bed. The bed is on a truck. The truck takes her to hospital. A crane moves the bed to a hospital window.	People believe that a 500-kilogram 36-year-old Egyptian woman is the heaviest woman in the world. She needed to go to India to undergo a drastic weight reduction surgery , but her journey to India was difficult. She could not get a visa at first because she could not go in person to get it. To get from the Indian airport to hospital, a truck with a bed moved her, and then a crane lifted the bed to a window.	A 36-year-old woman named Eman Ahmed Abdulati weighs a frightening 500 kilogrammes and people believe that she is the heaviest woman in the world. People flew the Egyptian woman to India to undergo a drastic weight reduction surgery, but the journey there was far from easy. Her family says that she has not left her home in 25 years. Initially , she could not get a visa request to India because she could not get it in person, but she was finally able to go recently. A truck with a makeshift bed transported her from the airport to hospital and then a crane lifted the bed up to a window. This monumental surgery could give Eman a second chance at life.
Taiwan is a country and an island. It is east of China. China wants to be one country with Taiwan. The Chinese president says that the Chinese army can go to Taiwan if Taiwan does not want to be part of China. The Taiwanese president hopes that people in the world see this situation. She hopes that other countries can help Taiwan.	The Chinese president has a plan to reunite China and Taiwan. He said that China could use the army if Taiwan did not want to be part of China. The Taiwanese president said that she hopes that people in the world are watching what is happening. She hopes that other countries will support Taiwan.	The Chinese president announced plans of reunification of China and Taiwan. He thought Taiwan would operate like Hong Kong, and it would remain a democracy but under China. He added that any Taiwanese attempts to claim independence could be met with armed force by China. Regarding Hong Kong, the New York Times has reported that Hongkongers believe their freedom is gradually disappearing. The Taiwanese president said that she hopes that the international community is paying attention and it will speak out on behalf of Taiwan. Several US lawmakers want the US to support Taiwan.
Birds of prey sometimes make mistakes. They think that a drone is a bird. They want to catch the bird, but they catch a drone. This gives people ideas. They train birds of prey to take down drones. The Dutch police train the birds. They are successful . However, there is a problem. Sometimes, the drone hurts the birds.	In the past, wild hawks sometimes made mistakes. They thought that drones were birds they and caught them. This gave people ideas that they could train birds of prey to take down dangerous drones. The Dutch police are training the birds to do this, and they are successful. However, the drones sometimes hurt the birds. This is a problem, which the Dutch must solve .	People know that wild hawks may snatch drones in mid-flight, as they mistake them for smaller birds, and it was those incidents which led researchers to assume that birds of prey could be trained to take down rogue aircraft. The Dutch National Police have taken up this challenge and are running a pilot project. There have been both success as well as setbacks . There were a few instances when the birds were hurt by the turning blades on the drones, and people requested more research to make sure that they animals would come to no harm. After the research, the Dutch Police will decide whether or not to deploy a fleet of drone-hunting eagles.
This news is from Japan. A sinkhole opens. It destroys a big intersection . The city apologises for the sinkhole. The sinkhole happens because people build a new subway. Water is filling up the sinkhole. People must work fast. They fix the problem. Everything is fine in a week. One hundred shops lose money because of the sinkhole. Japan gives them money for the trouble.	In Japan, a big sinkhole opened up. It completely destroyed a five-lane intersection near a station. The mayor apologised for the sinkhole. He blamed it on the nearby construction of a subway. The sinkhole started to fill up with sewage water . Engineers had to work quickly. One week later, the sinkhole was gone. Everything was back to normal. Nearly 100 local businesses lost money because of the sinkhole, but Japan is going to compensate them before the end of the year.	Just one week ago, a giant sinkhole opened up in Japan. It devoured a five-lane intersection near the station. The city mayor apologised for the sinkhole and blamed it on a nearby construction of a subway line extension. The sinkhole started filling up with sewage water, so officials and engineers battled against the time, and they managed to restore the traffic to the city just one week after the incident took place. Nearly 100 local establishments reported losses of business during the operation, but the government promised to compensate them before the end of the year.
Henry Heimlich is a doctor. He invents the Heimlich Manoeuvre . This manoeuvre helps people who are choking . The Heimlich Manoeuvre works very well. People all over the world use it. However, doctor Heimlich never tries it. He is 96 years old now. He lives in a senior centre in Ohio. A friend starts to choke. He uses the manoeuvre. He saves the woman’s life. He says that it is a great feeling.	Henry Heimlich invented the Heimlich manoeuvre , which is a first-aid procedure . You press on a person’s abdomen to remove something from that person’s windpipe when he or she is choking. Doctor Heimlich is 96 years old now. He knows that his manoeuvre works, but he never used it – until now. He saved the life of a woman at the senior centre in Ohio where they both live. The doctor said that saving the woman’s life was a wonderful feeling.	He might be the man that invented it, but in his 96 years Henry Heimlich’s never had to use the life-saving technique named after him – until this week. “She was sitting in a chair and I turned her around so that her back would be exposed to me, put my arms around her and then I pressed where I describe it on her abdomen below the rib cage. And after three compressions this piece of meat came out and she just started breathing and her whole face changed!” He saved the life of Patty, a fellow  resident at the senior centre he’s lived in for the last 6 years. “Yeah, so when I wrote my thank-you note to him for saving my life, I said, ‘God put me in that seat right next to you, Doctor Heimlich, so you could save my life.’ Because I was gone, I couldn’t breathe at all for a long time.” And the Cincinnati doctor says finally getting to use his move and save a life is pretty special. “I sort of felt wonderful about it, just having saved that girl. I knew it was working all over the world. And I just felt a satisfaction.”
A special event happens in Spain. It is the first Balloon World Cup. There are teams from 32 countries. The winner is Francesco De La Cruz from Peru. The game takes place in a court. The court looks like a living room. Players move around the room. They must hit the balloon from below. The balloon must not hit the ground. Two men have this idea. They are Barcelona soccer player Gerard Pique and an internet star Ibai Llanos. They see videos on social media. Three siblings from the US play with a balloon in their living room. They play this because they are bored during the coronavirus.	The first Balloon World Cup happened in Tarragona, Spain. Barcelona soccer player Gerard Pique and internet star Ibai Llanos organized the event. They got the idea when they saw videos on social media. Three siblings from the US were bored during the COVID-19 lockdown, and they played the game in their living room. 32 countries were in the event, and Francesco De La Cruz from Peru became the first champion . The games took place on a court which looked like a living room, and there was a car in the middle of the room. The rules of the game are very easy. Players must hit the balloon from below, and the balloon must not hit the ground.	The first ever Balloon World Cup happened in Tarragona, Spain. It was inspired by a series of  popular videos from the Arrendondo family in Oregon, US, as three siblings played the game during COVID-19 lockdown and posted the fun on social media. Barcelona soccer player Gerard Pique and internet celebrity Ibai Llanos organized the tournament. Teams of 32 countries participated, with Francesco De La Cruz of Peru emerging as the first champion. He beat German Jan Spiess in the final on an 8m x 8m court littered with living room furniture and a small car as obstacles . The rules are simple. Players have to hit the balloon upward, and they score points if their opponent fails to stop it from touching the ground.
Sixteen people need help in San Diego. They are in gondolas . The gondolas stop. The people have to wait for many hours. It is night when help comes. The people come down from gondolas very slowly. The gondolas stop because a strong wind breaks the machine which controls the electricity.	People rescued sixteen passengers from gondolas in San Diego. The passengers had to wait for several hours and it was night when the help came. Rescuers took them down one-by-one. A strong wind caused the problem which broke the machine which controls the electricity.	People rescued sixteen stranded passengers from a ride at SeaWorld in San Diego. They were stuck in gondolas for several hours, and it was already night when help came. The rescuers took them down one by one. A strong wind caused the problem which broke the machines which controls the electricity.
A festival is held in Paris. It is about contemporary art. An American artist creates something. It is a big Christmas tree. It is made of plastic. It is not like a normal Christmas tree. It is in a square in Paris. People look at it. Different people see different things in it. Some people don’t like it. One man gets angry. He attacks the artist.	An artist created an installation as a part of a festival for contemporary art. His work of art is in a square in Paris, and nobody left looking at it calmly. One angry Parisian even attacked the American artist. So what is this all about? The installation is a big Christmas tree, but a lot of people see different things in it. A big upside down wine bottle stopper? Or something else? Use your imagination !	Hands up if you know what this is. Some expensive modern art? A huge upside down wine bottle stopper? Or something a little more… Well, use your imagination! This green installation is actually a giant inflatable Christmas tree. The festive feature in central Paris has raised eyebrows as naughty passersby claim to see something entirely different. Created by an American artist Paul McCarthy, the tree is located in Paris’s Place Vendôme. Apparently, the artist was actually assaulted by an aggravated Parisian who thought that the provocatively shaped item had no place in such a historic location. Created as part of the FIAC festival for contemporary art, the installation will be in place for three weeks. But apparently, not for Christmas, it seems.
There is a new exhibition in a museum in London. It is an exhibition for children. There are robotic animals at the exhibition. Children can learn about the animals. They learn how bats see at night, how the platypus feels electricity, and how the housefly eats and stays on the wall. All of the models are interesting. The learning is interesting and fun.	The Horniman Museum in London is hosting an exhibition. It allows children to understand how the natural world works. They can, for example, catch bugs and use bat sonar . There are robotic models of animals. The robotic platypus has big red lights on its bill . The real platypus has no lights, but it can feel the electricity of other animals. The robotic housefly shows how it sucks up its food like a vacuum cleaner.	The Horniman Museum in London is hosting an exhibition that allows children to understand how the natural world works through robotic models of animals. The robotic platypus , for example, has large flashing red lights on its bill which represent the animal’s electroreceptors, which pick up electrical pulses given off by anything alive. Visitors can also catch bugs, use bat sonar and interact with creatures normally only seen in textbooks. Velcro is used to demonstrate how a housefly can stay on the wall, and it sucks up its food like a vacuum cleaner.
People celebrate the Chinese New Year for 15 days. On the last day, there is a paper lantern festival. People take paper lanterns. They decorate them with pictures. They write well wishes on them. Then people send the lanterns up into the sky. The lanterns are pretty. There are many of them. Many people come to watch the show.	Taiwan’s paper lantern light festival marks the end of the 15-day Chinese New Year celebrations. It takes place every year and hundreds of people came to watch the show. Before people released the lanterns, they decorated them with pictures and well wishes. Tourists from around the world come every year to see this spectacle .	Hundreds of people gathered for Taiwan’s annual paper lantern light festival, which marks the end of the 15-day Chinese New Year celebrations. Before being released into the sky, people decorate the lanterns with pictures and well wishes. Tourists from around the world gather every year to see the spectacle unfold .
There is a basketball game in Arizona, USA. The home team loses. A team from Wisconsin beats the home team. The fans of the home team go to the streets. Police say that they throw bottles at policemen. Someone films the incident . The film shows a student. Police shoot smoke bombs at him. Then the police fight him. The student falls on the ground. Police arrest fifteen people. Five people are a little bit hurt.	There was a basketball game in Arizona, USA. The home team lost. A team from Wisconsin beat it. The fans of the home team took to the streets. Police said that they threw bottles and firecrackers at policemen. Someone filmed the incident. The film also showed a student. Police fired smoke bombs at him, and then they wrestled him to the ground. Police arrested fifteen people in the incident. They later released fourteen. Five had minor injuries.	Violent scenes in Tuscon, Arizona, as hundreds of college basketball fans clashed with police following a game. “Police brutality! Police brutality!” Students from the University of Arizona took to the streets after their team was beaten by the Wisconsin Badgers on Saturday night. Police said students threw bottles and firecrackers at officers, with one student being filmed having smoke bombs fired at him before being wrestled to the ground. Fifteen people were arrested in the incident, with fourteen later being released and around five more complaining of minor injuries.
Indonesia is a Muslim country. Almost 90% of people are Muslims . Muslims can eat only food which is halal. Islam says what is halal. Many people in Indonesia have the coronavirus. The situation is serious. Indonesia will get a COVID-19 vaccine from Russia. Vaccines often have gelatin in them. Gelatin comes from pigs´ skin and bones. Muslims cannot eat pork . Pork is not halal. More countries make a COVID-19 vaccine. They say that these vaccines do not have gelatin in them. The Russian company does not say anything. Muslims in Indonesia do not know if the Russian vaccine has gelatin in it. A Muslim court in Indonesia must decide if the vaccine is okay for Indonesian people.	Almost 90% of the Indonesian population are Muslims and they practice Islam. There are halal products which Muslims can eat or use. Haram products are things which Muslims cannot eat. Indonesia wants to start mass vaccination against COVID-19, but some people say that the vaccine is not halal. Some vaccines usually have gelatin in them and it often comes from pigs. Islam does not allow Muslims to eat pigs and pigs are not halal. This is the reason why many people are afraid to get the vaccine. Indonesian Muslim officials must decide if it is okay to use the vaccine or not. A Russian company which makes the vaccine for Indonesia did not say it there was gelatin in the vaccine. Other companies which make vaccines for other countries said that their vaccines did not contain gelatin.	Indonesia´s highest Muslim council aims to issue a ruling on whether a COVID-19 vaccine is halal , or permissible under Islam, before the country starts mass vaccination using a Chinese vaccine next week. Indonesia is the world´s largest Muslim-majority country and it plans to launch vaccinations on January 13 th ; however, officials fear public resistance unless the vaccine is proven halal. Every Muslim should consume halal products and avoid those that are haram , and this certainly doesn´t apply only to food and drinks, but also medicine. Gelatin from pigs is used as a stabilizer in some vaccines; however, the consumption of pork is strictly forbidden for Muslims. Some Muslims said that it was okay to consume non-halal products in emergency situations. The Indonesian president said that he would be the first person to receive the vaccine shot in an effort to boost public acceptance of the vaccine.
There are five species of the rhino. One of them is the white rhino. There are more types of the white rhino. These are called subspecies. One of the subspecies is the northern white rhino. It is in terrible danger. There are only three northern white rhinos! One is a male and the two are females . The male’s name is Sudan. He lives in Kenya. He lives with the females. Sudan is very old. He is 45 years old. In human years, that is 100 years! He is sick because he is so old. He is going to die soon. People want to save the northern white rhinos. Experts can make a baby northern white rhino. They can put it in a southern white rhino female.	Sudan is a 45-year-old northern white rhino – he is 100 years of age in human years. He is the last male of the species and he lives in Kenya at a conservancy . As Sudan is very old, he is getting sick and there is not much the people can do to help him. He lives with two female northern white rhinos who are also the last of the subspecies . Scientists hope to save the northern white rhino subspecies. They want to use southern white rhinos as surrogates – they would carry a northern white rhino baby and give birth to it.	The world’s last known male of the northern white rhino subspecies is getting worse due to his age of 45, which in human terms means that he is 100 years old. The CEO of Ol Pejeta Conservancy said all they can do for Sudan the rhino is make life as easy for him as possible. Sudan lives at the conservancy in Kenya with two female white rhinos who are also the last of their kind. Scientists hope to save the rhino subspecies by using southern white rhinos as surrogates to carry northern white rhino embryos and give birth.
Disney opens a theme park in Shanghai, China. It has a grand opening ceremony . Many people come. Disneyland is a big investment . It costs 5.5 billion dollars. China is becoming a better and better place for investment. This is good for China and America, too. There are 330 million people at the theme park. These people have enough money to go to the park. These 330 million people can get there in 3 hours.	Disney opened its first theme park in mainland China. Tens of thousands of fans came to the theme park after a grand opening ceremony. The park is Disney’s largest overseas investment at 5.5 billion dollars. It is a bet  at China’s middle class and it´s growing domestic tourism. Around 330 million people within a 3-hour radius of Shanghai will be able to afford to come to the park. China is continuing to make itself more attractive to investment from around the world. That is in turn mutually  beneficial to America.	Disney has opened its first theme park in mainland China today. This comes just a day after a 2-year-old toddler was grabbed and killed by an alligator at the Orlando Disney resort. Tens of thousands of fans flocked to the theme park today after a grand opening ceremony. Disney’s largest overseas investment at 5.5 billion dollars, the park is a bet on China’s middle class and booming domestic tourism. The U.S. firm hopes it will offset an otherwise lacklustre international theme park business. Disney’s chief executive stressed that China is continuing to make itself more attractive to investment from around the world that in turn is mutually  beneficial to America. He even had a message from President Barack Obama. “The opening occurs during the US-China Tourism Year and it reflects the growing relationship between our nations. It promotes further cultural exchanges and underscores the importance of China continuing to make itself more attractive to investment from around the world that is mutually beneficial to both our countries. Barack Obama.” The company has said that they aimed to build China Disneyland rather than Disneyland in China. With that in mind, Main Street has been replaced by Mickey Avenue to reduce the feel of Americana , while attractions include the Chinese-style Wandering Moon tea house, a Chinese Zodiac-themed garden, and a Tarzan musical featuring Chinese acrobats. The firm estimates 330 million people within a 3-hour radius of Shanghai, the country’s financial centre, will be able to afford to come to the park. Looks like good news for the company and possibly a good way to deflect from recent events.
This happens in Russia. A man drives out of his garage. Rain falls on his car. He gets on the road, and the wind picks up . There is a tornado! It moves the car back to the garage. It destroys the garage completely. The camera films everything. The driver was lucky. The tornado missed his car.	When a Russian man reversed out of his garage, rain started to pelt down on his car. But it was not just rain that he saw. As he got the car on the road, the wind picked up and moved the car back towards the garage. There was a tornado metres from him! Meanwhile, it destroyed the garage completely. The camera in the car captured everything. Luckily for the driver, the tornado missed his car by just a few metres.	In footage captured on a camera mounted on a car dashboard , this video shows the moment a man set off out of his garage, only to make a swift about turn when he realised there was a tornado looming down on him. As the driver gradually reverses out of his garage in Russia, rain begins to pelt down onto his windscreen. But rather than just a spot of bad weather, as the vehicle makes its way onto the road, the wind picks up and the downpour hits. The fierce  twister sweeps the car and driver back towards the garage which can be seen being ripped to shreds . Luckily for the driver, the tornado appears to miss his car by just a few metres. The footage then shows the aftermath and destruction left by the tornado after it has passed.
The 27th of April is a public holiday. People call it South Africa’s Freedom Day. On this day, 22 years ago, Nelson Mandela becomes South Africa’s first black president. Mandela is the president until 1999. He guides South Africa to democracy. He is an icon of peace. He dies in 2013 at 95 years old. South Africa gives Palestine a statue. It is 6 metres tall. It is a statue of Nelson Mandela. It is the first statue that South Africa gives to another country. It shows a good relationship between South Africa and Palestine. The statue sits in a square named after Mandela.	Twenty-two years ago, the first post- apartheid elections happened in South Africa. Nelson Mandela became South Africa’s first black president. Now the 27th of April is a public holiday that people call South Africa’s Freedom Day. Mandela remained president until 1999, and he guided South Africa from apartheid to a multi-racial democracy. He is an icon of peace and for the struggle for justice around the world. He died at 95 years old at his home in Johannesburg in December 2013. In the West Bank City of Ramallah, Palestine, people unveiled a 6-metre-tall statue of Nelson Mandela. It is the first statue that South Africa gave to another country. It is part of a relationship between Ramallah and Johannesburg. The statue sits in a square named after Mandela.	A 6-metre-tall statue of Nelson Mandela has been unveiled in the West Bank City of Ramallah. The city’s mayor attended the ceremony and said it’s the first statue South Africa has given outside its border and is part of a relationship between Ramallah and Johannesburg. The statue sits in a square named after Mandela. Twenty-two years ago, the first post- apartheid elections were held, leading to Nelson Mandela becoming South Africa’s first black president. Now the 27th of April is a public holiday, called South Africa’s Freedom Day. Mandela remained president until 1999 and guided South Africa from apartheid to a multi-racial democracy. He’s an icon of peace and the embodiment of the struggle for justice around the world. He passed away at 95 years old at his home in Johannesburg in December 2013.
Germany sends 10 scientists to the Arctic. They study weather there. This happens in 1943. It is during World War II. The information is important . It can help Germany win the war. Now, Russian scientists go to the Arctic. They find the Nazi weather station. They also find more than 500 things. Many of the things are well preserved .	Russian scientists found a Nazi weather station in the Arctic. They also found more than 500 things, including pieces of ammunition , clothing, and meteorological equipment . Much of it was well preserved in the cold climate. Ten people were working at the weather station in 1943. They were producing important weather reports. For protection, the station had a codename of “Schatzgräber”, which means treasure hunter . However, it was ended the following summer. The people were evacuated and the station destroyed.	Russian scientists have uncovered a Nazi weather station in the Arctic. They also found more than 500 items, including fragments of ammunition, pieces of clothing and meteorological equipment from the 1940s very well preserved in the harsh climate. In 1943, there were 10 people working there, all producing important weather reports with German forces in battle. The information that they collected changed to the parts of Nazi cruisers and submarines. Because of the importance, the station had the codename of “Schatzgräber” meaning treasure hunter, but eventually it was ended the following summer. After eating undercooked polar bear meat, most of the staff were stricken with a parasitic disease and later evacuated. The station was destroyed, and all that remains now are the abandoned remnants of a deadly time in our history.
Cholera is a disease . It is very dangerous. If ill people do not get help, they can die. Mozambique is a country in Africa. Last Wednesday, five people have cholera there. On Friday, 139 people have it. This is bad. More and more people can catch it. The World Health Organisation is trying to help. It sends 21 teams of doctors to Mozambique.	Cholera is a disease which causes diarrhoea . If ill people do not get help, it can kill them. Last Wednesday, five people had cholera in Mozambique. On Friday, 139 people had it. There is a risk that more people will catch it. People can catch this disease from water or food. The World Health Organisation is trying to help. It sent 900 cholera vaccines and 21 medical teams to Mozambique.	Last Wednesday, the first five cases of cholera in Mozambique were confirmed. As of Friday, that number rose to 139. In the city of Beira, the risk of a cholera outbreak is very high. This disease causes diarrhoea , and it can be deadly if the ill person is not helped. People typically contract it from infected water or food. The World Health Organisation sent over 900 cholera vaccines and 21 medical teams to the affected African country.
Scientists study Coca Cola. They say that the company does its own studies. They say that it reviews those studies. It can hide the studies that it does not like. It can cancel research that it does not like. This can be a problem. It can mean that people only see the studies that Coca Cola likes. However, Coca Cola says it does not do this. It says that it does not have the right to do this. However, scientists are still worried. They ask Coca Cola and other companies to show their lists of cancelled studies.	According to a research report, Coca Cola can review and possibly repress its health research. It can also cancel research if it is not good for the company. This could lead to publication bias . However, the researchers do not think that Coca Cola did this. Coca Cola says that it does not have the right to stop the publishing of studies. Nevertheless, researchers are worried and are asking Coca Cola and other companies to show their lists of cancelled studies.	According to a report from the University of Cambridge, Coca Cola can review and possibly repress information from its health research. It can also stop research if the findings are ‘ unfavourable’ . This could lead to publication bias which is something that happens when someone publishes only studies of their choice. However, the researchers do not believe that Coca Cola has done that yet. Coca Cola says that its scientists have full control over their studies. It says that it does not have the right to stop the publishing of research results. Nevertheless, researchers are worried, and they are asking Coca Cola and other companies to publish lists of their cancelled studies.
A Singapore ship starts to burn near Sri Lanka. The ship carries chemicals and cosmetics. The fire starts two weeks ago. The captain and the crew must leave the ship. Sri Lanka soldiers try to stop the fire. It is very difficult. It is possible that the ship will sink. Oil gets to the beaches. Another problem is even bigger. Small pieces of plastic cover the beaches. They are very dangerous for sea animals and for the natural world, too. Soldiers are cleaning the beaches. It is possible that the ship will sink . Hundreds of tons of oil can get into the ocean. It is a big disaster .	Nearly two weeks ago, a ship started to burn off the Sri Lanka coast. The ship was carrying chemicals and cosmetics, and plastic and oil spilled in the sea. Plastic pellets spilled across Sri Lanka´s beaches, which could be an environmental disaster. The pellets kill marine animals, they break up into small pieces, and they stay in the sea. The Sri Lankan navy is trying to stop the fire, and they are cleaning the beaches. If the ship sinks, hundreds of tons of oil can leak into the sea. Sri Lanka is a popular place for tourists, and pictures of plastic pellets on its beaches made many people angry.	Sri Lanka faces environmental disaster as a cargo ship carrying chemicals has been on fire off the coast for days. The Singapore-registered ship was carrying chemicals and cosmetics, and it´s been on fire for more than a week. If it sinks, hundreds of tons of oil could leak into the sea, having an adverse impact on marine life. The Sri Lankan navy is working to try to put the fire out, amid fears of a major environmental disaster, and they have been removing debris from the beaches. Although oil is coating the beaches, the bigger problem at the moment is the debris , which is mostly tiny plastic pellets . The pellets float and eventually break up in the sea, which means that they will release a lot of tiny plastic pieces that are detrimental to marine life. Officials are planning to begin testing air and water quality, and fishing has been banned for now.
This news is about a man. He is from Ohio, USA. He is 62 years old. He is a bully . A family lives next to the man. The man makes their lives bad. He does bad things to them. He says very bad things to them. He screams at them and puts dog poop on their house. The man does this for 15 years. Now, the man is punished . He must do a few things. He goes to prison for 15 days. Then he must clean the streets for 100 hours. Then he must have a special sign. He must hold the sign on a street. Everybody can see the sign. The sign says, “I am a bully”.	A 62-year-old man from Ohio is a bully . He harassed his neighbours for 15 years. The man spat on the mother, put dog poop on their house and screamed at the family. The father and some children of the family are disabled . The man made fun of them, and he made their lives unpleasant. Now, people punish the bully. The man must spend 15 days in jail, clean the streets for 100 hours and take anger management classes. He must also hold a special sign in public. The sign says, ”I am a bully”.	A 62-year-old man in Ohio got a bit of an unusual sentence from a judge after he was forced to hold a sign in public saying “I’m a bully ”. Edmond Aviv was told to wear the sign on a busy intersection as part of his punishment for harassing a neighbour and his family over a period of 15 years. Aviv bullied his neighbour Sandra Prugh and picked on her husband, who suffers from dementia , and her seven children, several of whom have disabilities and use wheelchairs. He’s accused of spitting on her, smearing dog faeces on their wheelchair ramp and shining spotlights through the family’s windows at night. “You wonder every time you walk outside, you turn to your left to see if your neighbour’s there spitting, yelling, screaming at you and you don’t know why.” The judge also sentenced Aviv to 15 days in jail, 100 hours of community service and anger management classes. “I would hope that what’s been achieved here is finally the modicum of justice that they had been hoping for for quite some time.”
There is a deal . It is between Iran and the West. Trump wants to pull out of the deal. He says that it is very bad. The EU does not agree with Trump. The EU thinks that the deal is good. The EU says that it is good for Europe and the world. The EU wants to stick to the deal.	Trump wants to pull out of the Iran nuclear deal , as he says that it was the ‘worst deal ever’. The EU does not agree with Trump, and the President of the European Council said that the deal is good for European and world security. He said that the EU will stick to the deal as long as Iran does.	The President of the European Council, Donald Tusk, reconfirmed that the EU will stick to the Iran nuclear deal as long as Iran does. He added that the deal was good for European and global security, which is why it must be maintained despite ‘US hesitation’. This announcement comes in reaction to Trump pulling out of the contract, calling it ‘the worst deal ever’.
A building in the USA catches fire. Twelve people are in the building. Firefighters set up ladders . People can get away on them. The people move down a ladder. One person drops a child. Luckily, a firefighter catches the child.	A building in Georgia, USA, caught fire. Twelve residents were trapped in the building. Firefighters set up ladders so that the people could get away. As they moved down a ladder, one of them dropped a child. Luckily, a firefighter safely caught the child.	A dozen of residents were trapped in a burning building in the south eastern US state of Georgia. Firefighters set up ladders so that the people could escape the flames. As they climbed down the ladder, one of them dropped a child. Luckily, a firefighter safely caught the child.
James Horner was a composer . He was famous. He composed music for famous films like The Titanic , The Karate Kid , Avatar , and Braveheart . James Horner is dead. He died in a plane crash. He was flying his private plane. We do not know what happened. People investigate the plane crash.	James Horner was a Hollywood composer . He composed the music for famous films like The Titanic , The Karate Kid , Avatar , and Braveheart . James Horner died in a plane crash in Southern California. He was flying his private aeroplane in a national forest. The plane was a five-passenger one, but only one set of remains were found. The cause of the crash was not immediately known, and investigations continue .	Hollywood composer James Horner, who scored the oscar-winning film Titanic , has died in a plane crash in Southern California. It’s believed he was flying his private aeroplane in the Los Padres National Forest north of Los Angeles when it crashed about 9:30 a.m. local time. Fire authorities said the crash of the five-passenger plane in left an impact crater and sparked a fire that charred more than an acre (1 acre = 4,000 metres square) of bush and that there were no survivors. Only one set of remains were found and are yet to be positively identified, but as the plane was registered to Horner and he’s not been heard from since the accident, authorities believe that the victim is the famous composer. The cause of the crash was not immediately known and investigations are continuing. Horner won two Academy Awards for his work on Titanic , one for the movie score and one he shared with lyricist Will Jennings for best original song My Heart Will Go On which was performed by Celine Dion. Horner also composed the music for an array of other major films including Aliens , The Karate Kid , and Braveheart . His scores for Avatar , A Beautiful Mind , and House of Sand  and Fog earned Oscar nominations.
A woman is at an art show in Russia. She wants to take a selfie. She leans against a wall display . When she leans, the wall falls over. It falls on top of paintings. The paintings are by two important Spanish artists. The paintings cost a lot of money. The fall breaks them.	In Russia, a woman leaned on a wall display at an art show to take a selfie. She accidentally knocked the display over on top of two paintings by two important Spanish artists – Salvador Dali and Francisco Goya. The paintings were valuable and the falling wall damaged them.	In Russia, a woman was taking a selfie at an art show and leaned against a wall display , which then fell over onto two paintings by artists Salvador Dali and Francisco Goya . The paintings were valuable and the fall badly damaged them.
Women in Saudi Arabia were not allowed to drive. Saudi Arabia was the only country with a law like this. The law ends this Sunday. Now women can drive in Saudi Arabia. They do not need a driver. They can go to work. Many people think that this is a good thing. This can help the economy too.	Saudi Arabia was the only country with a ban on women drivers, and this ban lifted this Sunday. Many people welcomed the change, and one woman said that it is a good thing because women in Saudi Arabia are now working. She personally will still have a driver but will keep the licence with her in case of an emergency. Lifting the ban could also help the Saudi economy because women will be able to participate .	Saudi Arabia was the only country with a ban on women drivers, but this Sunday became a historic day when the ban lifted . Loolooah Al Fireiji, a female citizen who talked to the media, said that the move was urgent because women have entered the workforce. She personally will still have a driver, but she will keep the licence with her in case of an emergency. Granting women the legal right has been welcomed by many and could also help boost the Saudi economy through female participation .
This news is about rope skipping . A Chinese schoolboy sets two new world records with rope skipping. He jumps 108 times in 30 seconds and 548 times in three minutes. The boy is really fast – it is not easy to count his skips. Organisers of rope skipping film the boy, and they later watch the video again in slow motion . The boy tells people how to be good at rope skipping. You must move the rope very fast, and you must not move your upper body.	A Chinese schoolboy set two new world records in rope skipping. At the world’s first rope skipping championships in Dubai, he racked up 108 skips in 30 seconds and 548 skips in three minutes. The organisers of the event said that it was very hard to count his jumps because the boy was so fast. They later re-watched the boy’s video in slow motion and confirmed him results. The boy said that it is very important to move the rope very, very fast and to keep the upper body still.	He can move his legs faster than you can count and now this Chinese schoolboy has set two new world records in rope skipping. Cen Xiaolin racked up an impressive 108 skips in 30 seconds and another 548 in three minutes. The primary school student was taking part in the first World Inter-School Rope Skipping Championships in Dubai. The organisers said it was very hard to count the jumps manually at the side of the court, as it was all a bit of a blur . However, the result was finally confirmed after judges re-watched the feet in slow motion. Students from Qi Sheng primary school won 27 gold medals from a total of 29 categories. The eleven-year-old offered up his advice to anyone wishing to challenge his record – upon returning home to Hangzhou City, he told reporters the trick lies in swaying the rope very, very fast while keeping your upper body very steady. The next World Championships are expected to take place in Sweden in July, so that’s plenty of time to get practicing – I think I’ll get my rope then!
People are coming to Europe. They come from other countries. They want to live in Europe. They are called migrants. They move to Europe because of war in their home country, for example. Many migrants sail across the Mediterranean Sea. They sail to southern EU countries. These are countries like Italy and Malta. Hundreds of thousands of migrants come to these countries every year. The southern countries ask the EU for help. France, Germany, Italy and Malta meet to discuss this. They think of a plan. When the plan comes to be , EU countries can help these southern countries help the migrants. We do not have more information about the plan at the moment. Everything is going to be said on October 8th.	Hundreds of thousands of migrants arrive on the shores of southern EU countries like Italy and Malta every year. These countries complained that other EU members do not help out. A new plan could help ease the problem. France, Germany, Italy and Malta approved the plan last Monday. Under the new plan, EU countries would volunteer to take in migrants saved from the Mediterranean Sea. The countries would help them within weeks after the migrants get to Europe. Details about the new plan are not yet known. More information is going to be shared with all 28 EU countries on October 8th.	Last Monday, four EU countries agreed on a new deal to distribute migrants recovered from the Mediterranean Sea. Interior ministers from France, Germany, Italy and Malta approved the deal. Finland, which currently holds the EU presidency, helped broker the deal. Under the new agreement, EU countries would volunteer to take in migrants rescued in the Mediterranean within weeks of their arrival. The countries would also handle asylum requests. The deal aims to ease pressure on southern EU countries like Italy and Malta that see hundreds of thousands of migrants arrive on their shores every year and have complained that other EU countries do not help out. More details about the plan are going to be revealed to all 28 EU nations on October 8th. It is still not clear how many other EU countries will participate in the proposal.
This news is about a city. It is in the northwest of Spain. Its name is Pontevedra. It is a great city for walking and cycling. Only 30% of the public space is for cars. Seventy per cent is for people. People make 73% of journeys on foot or by bike. From 2001 to now, there are no deadly road accidents. The CO2 levels go down by 67%, also, between the 1990s and 2018.	The city of Pontevedra in the northwest of Spain is great for walking and cycling. Most cars are banned in the city centre, and 73 per cent of journeys in the city are made on foot or by bike. Since the 1990s, the city has been changing. Seventy per cent of public space is for people and only 30 per cent for cars. There has not been a deadly road accident since 2001, and the CO2 emission levels dropped by 67 per cent since the 1990s.	The city of Pontevedra in the northwest of Spain has been transformed over the past 20 years by policies prioritising pedestrians over cars. Miguel Anxo Fernández, the mayor of Pontevedra, said that people changed the paradigm – giving 70 per cent of public space to the people and 27–30 per cent to the cars. City streets have radically changed and there have been zero fatal road accidents since 2011 as well as a 67 per cent drop in CO2 emissions since the 1990s. Most cars are banned from the medieval city centre and 73 per cent of journeys in the city are made on foot or by bike.
Chelsea Manning works for the US army. She is an intelligence analyst . She shows over 700,000 documents to the public. She is not supposed to do this. She can go to jail for 35 years. She goes to jail for 7 years. Now she wants to work in the US senate . She wants to be a politician . She hopes that her past does not stop her.	Chelsea Manning was an intelligence analyst for the US army who leaked over 700,000 secret documents. She served 7 out of 35 years in jail. Recently, she filed her statement of candidacy to run for the US senate in the state of Maryland. She hopes that her past will not stop her plans.	Chelsea Manning was an intelligence analyst for the US army who infamously leaked over 700,000 classified documents, and she served seven years out of a 35-year-sentence. Recently, she filed her statement of candidacy to run for the US senate in the state of Maryland where she will challenge Senator Ben Cardin. The 30-year-old hopes that her past will not hamper her plans.
An accident happens in Chile. A man enters a lift. The doors of the lift close. Soon, they open again. The lift is out of control . The lift goes up very fast. The man tries to stop it. He presses the buttons on the control panel . It does not help. The lift travels 30 floors in 15 seconds. It crashes into the roof . The man is taken to hospital. His head and legs are injured.	A terrifying accident happened in Chile. A man entered a lift. The doors of the lift closed at first, but then they suddenly reopened. The lift was out of control. It started going up very fast. The man tried to stop the lift by pressing the buttons on the control panel. It did not help. The lift shot up 30 floors in just 15 seconds and crashed into the roof. It was estimated that the lift hit the roof at a speed of almost 80 kilometres an hour (50 miles an hour). The man’s legs and head were injured. He was taken to a nearby hospital. He was in a serious condition.	This CCTV footage shows the terrifying moment a man is seriously injured after an out-of-control lift shot up 30 floors in just 15 seconds, crashing into the roof. The footage captures Jose Vergara entering the lift in a building in Santiago, Chile last Friday evening. At first, the doors close, but within seconds suddenly reopen, as the lift begins hurtling upwards at high speed. Floors can be seen flying by, as Jose frantically presses the buttons on the control panel. Jose was found with injuries to his head and legs when the elevator apparently slammed into the roof. He was taken to a nearby hospital where he remains in a serious condition. According to local media, the lift was inside a building that was finished just eight months ago. It’s estimated that the lift hit the roof at a speed of almost 80 kilometres an hour (50 miles an hour).
The American Coast Guard seizes drugs. They stop people who bring the drugs to the USA. The Coast Guard has cocaine and heroin. The drugs are worth one billion dollars. It moves the drugs to a secret place. There, people destroy the drugs.	During 30 different drug finds, the American Coast Guard seized one billion dollars’ worth of cocaine and heroin from narcotics smugglers at sea. The Coast Guard loaded the narcotics at the US naval base at San Diego. The 32 tons of 100% pure cocaine could produce around 33 million lines of the drug. During the past year, the Coast Guard has netted 59 tons of drugs off the shores of Mexico and Central America. That is more than it seized during the three previous years. People will move the drugs to a secret location and destroy them.	One billion dollars’ worth of cocaine and heroin seized from narcotics smugglers at sea has returned from the Pacific coast of Mexico, Central and South America. The contraband was seized during around 30 separate drug-running vessel finds, including two submarines and dozens of small outboard powered boats called paners. The US Coast Guard said the wholesale value alone of the drugs exceeded one billion dollars. The narcotics unloaded at the US naval base at San Diego are among the largest haul from a single Coast Guard mission. The 32 tons of pure uncut cocaine would have been enough to produce street sales of the drug roughly equivalent to 33 million lines. Coast Guard anti-smuggling operations have netted 59 tons of narcotics off the shores of Mexico and Central America during the past year – more than were seized during the three previous years combined. The seized narcotics labeled with evidence tags are to be moved to a secret location where they will be eventually destroyed.
Technology companies compete . They work on a cloud system . It is for the US government. The US government has old computers. They are from the 1980s and 1990s. People want new computers. Amazon and Microsoft are two companies that compete. People think that Amazon can win. However, President Trump says comments against the boss of Amazon. Microsoft wins the competition . Microsoft and the US government can work together for 10 years. The US government can pay Microsoft $10 billion.	Technology companies competed on a cloud system for the US Department of Defense . This is to take the place of computers from the 1980s and 1990s. An American official said that the government needs new systems because they are normal for most agencies or companies. Amazon and Microsoft were two of many companies that competed. People thought that Amazon would win, but then President Trump made negative comments about the boss of Amazon. Microsoft won, which means that that the company and the US government are going to work together for 10 years for $10 billion.	Technology companies Amazon, Google, IBM, Oracle, and Microsoft competed on a cloud system for the US Department of Defense’s Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure (JEDI). This is to replace the older computers that are from the 1980s and 1990s. An American official said that the new systems are overdue , as cloud systems are the industry norm . People thought that Amazon would win the competition, but then President Trump criticized Amazon’s CEO. Amazon said that it would keep working on technology that will help in the “digital battlefield.” Microsoft ultimately won the competition. The US government will work with Microsoft for 10 years and $10 billion.
Archaeologists study old things. Archaeologists help us understand history. They dig in the ground. They discover old things and towns. However, the work is not easy. Modern buildings make it sometimes impossible to dig in the ground. Now, new technology exists. It is a special radar . The radar scans the ground. It sends pictures to a computer. Archaeologists can see what is under the ground. This technology is great. Scientists can discover more places. Scientists study an old town of Falerii Novi. The town is near Rome in Italy. The first people live in Falerii Novi in 241 BC. The radar searches the town. Scientists discover baths, a market, and also a system of water pipes.	In the past, archaeologists always had to dig in the ground to study old towns and to study the way that people lived hundreds of years ago. However, now, there is a new technology that helps archaeologists study old towns. A special radar scans the area at different depths , and archaeologists are able to make a map from the scans. This technology is great because researchers can study cities that they could not uncover before. Recently, scientists have explored a Roman town of Falerii Novi that lies 31 miles north of Rome, Italy. Falerii Novi is about half the size of Pompeii, Italy, and the first people occupied it in 241 BC. The new technology discovered baths, a market, a temple , and a large network of water pipes.	The remains of the ancient town of Pompeii have always been a reference point for archaeologists to study how the Romans lived and how they built their towns and cities. However, radar technology is now helping archaeologists explore a Roman town without breaking ground. The ancient Roman town of Falerii Novi, 31 miles north of Rome in the Italian region of Lazio, has remained hidden beneath the soil until now. Falerii Novi was first occupied in 241 BC, and it is roughly half the size of Pompeii. Archaeologists used advanced ground penetrating radar, GPR, which helped them scan the town at different depths. The team discovered a baths complex, a market, a temple, a theater, and even a sprawling network of water pipes. GPR has major implications for archaeologists who study ancient cities that cannot be excavated because of modern structures.
A villa is sold . The villa is in Bali. The building is sold in bitcoins. People pay 1,000 bitcoins for the villa. That is around 600,000 U.S. dollars. The buyer is from Texas. We don’t know who it is. The building has two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a private pool. Bitcoin is digital money. It is not yet legal. Leaders of countries can make it legal.	A villa on Bali has been sold in bitcoins. It is the largest bitcoin transaction to date . It cost almost 1,000 bitcoins which is around 600,000 U.S. dollars. The villa was bought by an anonymous buyer in Texas. The property has two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a private pool. The digital currency is not yet legal. Governments of the world may put regulations in place.	On the small Indonesian island of Bali, a big deal is going down, as a villa has been sold in what’s thought to be the largest Bitcoin transaction to date . The two bedroom, two bathroom property, complete with private pool, was bought by an anonymous buyer in Texas with less than 1,000 bitcoin, which is the equivalent to roughly 600,000 U.S. dollars. “I can’t tell you the exact amount, but it’s just short of 1000 bitcoins, which depending on the exchange rate, translates into about 600,000 U.S. dollars.” Despite the digital currency not being regulated or accepted as legal tender , the deal was sealed in late February through BitPremier which is an exclusive bitcoin trading website for luxury goods . “We’ve been referred to it by a family member, who has been dealing with bitcoins for the last two to three years so we thought we give it a try and see what happens. And that worked out to be pretty, pretty good for us. And you know, I know that it’s not a legal currency, I don’t really know if it ever will be, but I think the thing that has to happen right now is that the various governments, including the government of Indonesia, put the regulation in place and decide how they want to deal with this currency or this phenomenon .” The Indonesian Central Bank said the villa sale did not violate its law, as it was done in U.S. dollars.
Black Friday is a special day. It is the first day for the Christmas shopping season. Many shops sell things at lower prices. In the UK, people protest in front of Amazon warehouses . Amazon is a company in many countries. It sells books, movies, toys, and many other things. Amazon makes three times more money during the coronavirus than the year before. Sadly, some people say that the situation for Amazon workers is bad. They work long hours. They have short breaks. Their bosses watch them all the time. Another problem is that Amazon’s business is not fair to other smaller companies. On Black Friday, protesters block roads to Amazon’s warehouses.	On Black Friday, people protested before Amazon warehouses in the UK. They wanted to stop the company’s deliveries on its busiest day of the year. Protesters did not agree with Amazon´s power, and they said that Amazon’s business was not fair to other companies. Some people said that Amazon workers worked very long hours, and their bosses watched them all the time. Reports said that more workers had health problems before Black Friday than was usual on other days. Amazon’s profit was three times higher this year than last year, and the reason was that many people bought things on the Internet. Many shops were closed and people stayed at home during the coronavirus. Protesters were very angry. They said that Amazon should pay its workers more.	On Black Friday Climate activists blocked 13 Amazon fulfillment centers in the UK with the goal to disrupt the company’s deliveries. Black Friday sales day is among Amazon’s busiest all year, and according to campaigners, the company is abusing its dominance across online selling and online services to create unfair competition. Reportedly, Amazon workers face unsafe conditions, constant surveillance , and work treats them like robots. According to reports, ambulance callouts to Amazon warehouses increased by nearly 50% in the days before Black Friday. Campaigners demand Amazon to pay fairly, use fair taxes, and take responsibility for its impact on the planet. Amazon reported a tripling of profits earlier this year, given to its success during the COVID-19 pandemic. However, protesters said that the model of endless growth was broken, and it needed to change.
This news is from Bangkok. Bangkok is the capital of Thailand. There is a theme park in Bangkok. A cabin on the Ferris wheel gets on fire. Luckily, nobody is in the cabin. Nobody is injured . People bring the fire under control within 20 minutes. People are investigating the incident.	In a theme park in Bangkok, Thailand, a fire broke out in a passenger cabin of the Ferris wheel . Thankfully, no one was in the cabin at the time and no one was injured in the incident. The fire broke out after a storm in the city. According to local media, people brought the fire under control within 20 minutes. People are investigating the incident.	A theme park in Thailand has opened an investigation after a fire broke out in a passenger cabin of a Ferris wheel. The incident happened at the newly opened Dinosaur Planet theme park in capital Bangkok on Saturday. Thankfully, no one was injured in the incident. As park officials say, no customers were inside the burning carriage at the time. It’s understood the fire broke out after a thunderstorm in the city. And in a statement on Facebook, the park said the attraction was closed before the incident as a safety precaution  due to rain. According to local media reports, the fire was brought under control within 20 minutes.
This happens in Florida. A car hits a pharmacy . The car gets inside the pharmacy. A security camera captures the moment. The pharmacy is owned by a woman. She is 80 years old. She is in the pharmacy when the car hits it. The car almost hits her. She is lucky. She lives, but she goes to hospital. It is not serious. The car is driven by a woman. This woman is 84 years old. She damages the pharmacy.	A car smashed through the front window of a pharmacy in Florida. A security camera captured the moment. The 80-year-old owner of the pharmacy was inside at that moment. She was standing by the counter when the car hit the pharmacy. She was almost hit. The counter was destroyed. The owner was taken to hospital. She was treated for cuts and bruises . The car was driven by an 84-year-old woman. She caused damage worth $65,000.	Most people go to the pharmacy to find something to alleviate their aches and pains, not pick up more. But that’s what very nearly happened to 80-year-old Adrienne Watkins, after a car smashed through the front window of her local pharmacy store in Winter Haven, Florida. CCTV from the store shows Adrienne over by the counter when she bends down to pick up something she’s dropped, and then the car smashes through the store, destroys the counter, narrowly misses Watkins. The vehicle was being driven by 84-year-old Margaret Underwood, who had had a small accident in the parking lot before inexplicably driving through the store and causing $65,000 worth of damage. After the incident, store staff rushed to help the fallen Watkins and she was taken to hospital where she was treated for cuts and bruises.
North Korea is doing experiments with a submarine missile. Some members of the European Union do not like this. Last week, some UN members condemn North Korea. They ask North Korea to get rid of all its weapons. North Korea also has to prove that they do this. A North Korean official says that the US does the same thing on October 2nd. It launches a missile. North Korea says that the EU countries say nothing. The official says that the Trump government is pushing the other countries to be against North Korea’s weapons. The official says that North Korea can change its plans. It can use nuclear weapons again.	Last Thursday, some members of the EU complained about North Korea’s recent ballistic missile and other weapon tests. Earlier this week, some of the countries of the UN Security Council requested that North Korea abandon all its weapons in a provable way. A spokesman of North Korea’s Foreign Ministry said that the other countries did not condemn the US for their October 2nd missile launch. The spokesman believes that the Trump Administration is influencing the other members. The spokesman suggested that North Korea can change its plans and use nuclear weapons again. North Korea said that recent talks with the US stopped. They were talking about nuclear weapons removal but the US made no negotiation proposals .	Last Thursday, several members of the EU complained that North Korea launched a submarine ballistic missile. At the UN Security Council earlier this week, members requested that North Korea get rid of all its nuclear weapons and to give proof. A spokesman of North Korea’s Foreign Ministry said that the other countries did not condemn the US for their October 2nd launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile. North Korea says that the Trump Administration is manipulating the others members. The spokesman said that North Korea may decide to use long-range missiles again. The statement comes after North Korea denuclearization talks with the US stopped last weekend because American officials made no proposals at the negotiating table.
Last week, a fire starts at an oilfield in Siberia, Russia. Oilfield workers want to stop the fire with water. However, they are not successful. They do not have enough water. After one week, the oil company asks the Russian army to help. The army uses a special gun. The gun makes an explosion . This helps stop the fire. The explosion needs oxygen. The fire does not get enough oxygen. The fire stops. However, a lot of heat makes the work difficult. In the past, the Soviet Union uses nuclear tests to stop gas and oil well fires.	Last week, a fire started at the Yarakta oilfield in Siberia, Russia. Workers tried to stop the fire; however, the hose that they were using did not work normally. After a week, the oil company decided to ask the Russian army for help. It was not easy because the temperature near the oil well was very high, and soldiers could not get close to it. The soldiers fired an anti-tank gun at the oil well to stop the fire. It is common to stop oil well fires with anti-tank guns because the explosion uses oxygen, and as a result, there is not enough oxygen to keep the fire burning. In the 1950s and 1960s, the Soviet Union used nuclear tests to stop several gas and oil well fires.	Emergency workers in silver protective suits tried to extinguish flames at the Yarakta oilfield in rural Siberia for a week before a hose reportedly malfunctioned . A Russian oil company asked the military to bombard the wellhead fire in an effort to put out the fire. However, approaching the wellhead to plant the explosives can be difficult, as temperatures can reach thousands of degrees Fahrenheit. Oil well fires are often put out using high explosives that disrupt the supply of oxygen to the flames. The Soviet Union used underground nuclear tests to put out several gas and oil well fires in the 1960s and 1970s. The wellhead fire is not the only recent industrial accident in Russia. Earlier this week, the Russian president ordered a state of emergency after 20,000 tons of diesel fuel spilled into an Arctic river.
There are protests in Iran. The Iranian people are very angry because the Iranian government increases gas prices by 300 percent. Reports say that Iran kills more than 1,000 people during the protests. The Iranian government stops the Internet. It stops news agencies that report about the protests. US officials want some evidence about the protests. They ask the Iranian people to send photos and videos. The US supports the Iranian people. It wants to help them. The US says that Iran hurts thousands of people. It says that more than 7,000 people are in prison. The US officials ask the Iranian government to free them.	The Iranian government increased gas prices by 300 percent which lead to many protests in the country. Reports say that Iran murdered more than 1,000 people since November. The Iranian government stopped the Internet and blocked most foreign news agencies that reported about the violence during the protests. The US supports the Iranian people and wants to help them. A US official asked people on Twitter to send videos and photos that show Iran´s violence. US officials say that Iran hurt thousands of protesters and put at least 7,000 people in prison. They ask Iran to free all protesters and political prisoners.	People in Iran have protested against the regime ´s decision to increase gas prices by as much as 300 percent. There are reports that Iran has murdered over a thousand Iranian citizens since the protests started in November. Iran´s regime has shut down the Internet and blocked the majority of foreign media that reported on the violence during the protests. The US President, Donald Trump, said that the US supports the Iranian people and wants freedom for them. The Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo, asked the Iranian people on Twitter to send videos, photos and information documenting the regime´s crackdown . So far, over 32,000 Iranians have sent information to the State Department. According to US officials, thousands of Iranians have been hurt and at least 7,000 protesters are in prisons. The US has called for the immediate release of all protesters and political prisoners.
There is a motor show in the Netherlands. An accident happens there. People watch a monster truck driving. It is a big machine. It has really big wheels . It is very powerful, too. It drives over six cars. However, it does not stop afterwards . It drives into the people who are watching. Two people die. Another 18 are injured . They go to hospital. An ambulance helicopter flies there to help them.	A monster truck drove into two people and killed them and injured 18 more. This happened at a motor show in the Netherlands. The giant truck had tractor-sized wheels and 1,500 horsepower. It revved hard and it drove over six cars. However, it did not brake after the stunt and drove into the crowd. A person posted an amateur video of the moment on Facebook. People took the injured to nearby hospitals. Ambulance helicopters flew to the scene of the accident.	This frightening footage shows the moment two people were killed and 18 injured when a monster truck ploughed into a crowd of onlookers at a motor show in the east of the Netherlands. The accident happened when the driver of a giant, 1,500 horsepower truck with tractor-sized wheels failed to brake after driving across a row of parked cars during a stunt , and instead crashed into a group of onlookers. The amateur video of the accident posted on Facebook shows the truck revving hard and then riding over six cars, before suddenly heading towards spectators lining the square, who were separated from the show by only flimsy metal barriers. Screaming, some managed to scurry away, but others had no time to escape. The injured were taken to hospitals in three nearby towns, while air ambulance helicopters flew to the scene of the accident.
This news is about the Thai King. He rules over Thailand for 70 years.  From all the kings and queens in the world, he rules the longest. The king dies. People move his body through Bangkok. Thousands of people watch the procession . Many people cry and pray . People put the body in the Grand Palace.	The Thai King ruled over Thailand for 70 years, making him the longest ruling monarch . He died last week. People moved his body through Bangkok to the palace. Thousands of people watched the procession and many cried and prayed. For many people, he was the only king in their lifetime. People took the king’s body to the Grand Palace and it will lie there in the temple. The Crown Prince, the dead king’s 64-year-old son, will do a bathing ceremony of the king’s body as a ritual.	The Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej, who was the longest reigning monarch, has died. People transferred his body to the palace in a procession through Bangkok, and thousands of people gathered to honour him. Most of the Thais wept while others prayed for the king who ruled over Thailand for 70 years, most people having never known another monarch in their lifetime. People took the king’s body to the Grand Palace where it will lie in the temple as people pay respects. The Crown Prince, the deceased king’s 64-year-old son, will conduct a bathing ceremony of the king’s body as a ritual. Official mourning will continue for a year and flags are to fly at half mast for the next 38 days.
São Paulo is Brazil’s largest city. A fire starts in a tall building. It starts on the third floor. More than 150 firefighters try to stop this fire. They think that the cause of the fire is a gas explosion. The fire grows quickly. Soon, the 26- storey building is on fire. It collapses . We know that one person dies. However, there can be more dead people.	There was a massive fire in São Paulo, Brazil’s largest city. A fire started on the third floor of the 26-storey building and quickly spread . More than 150 firefighters tried to stop the fire. They think that a gas explosion caused it. The building soon collapsed . One person died in the fire but people fear that there could be more fatalities .	A fire started on the third floor of a 26-storey building in Brazil’s largest city, São Paulo, and spread rapidly to the levels above. More than 150 firefighters battled the fierce blaze , which made the structure soon collapse, and people believe that the cause was a gas explosion. One person died, but Brazilian authorities warned that there could be more fatalities .
People are extending a highway in Peru. However, there is not enough land for the highway. There are houses in the way. These houses must be destroyed. People live in the houses, but they must go away. They do not like it. They do not want to go away. Police come to their houses. The people fight the police. In the end, the police force the people away. This is a big problem in Peru. It is a problem in all of Latin America, too.	Over 100 families fought with police when the police evicted them from their homes in Peru. Some 59 volunteers from peace missions and 180 policemen were at the scene. Children ran after their relatives. Volunteers carried belongings from the homes because heavy machinery destroyed the houses. This was all because of the expansion of a highway. Land conflicts are a big problem in Peru and now they are becoming a part of life in other parts of Latin America, too.	Over 100 families clashed with police when the police evicted them from their homes in Peru. People moved them away from a land intended for the expansion of a highway. This happened in the northwest of the country. Some 59 volunteers from peace missions, as well as 180 policemen arrived at the scene. Children could be seen running after their relatives. Family members fought against officials in order to stay in their homes. Volunteers carried belongings from the homes before the heavy machinery was brought in to destroy the houses. Land conflicts and forced move-outs are a big problem in Peru and are now becoming a part of life in other parts of Latin America too.
People protest in 200 Brazilian cities and towns. They want their president to lose his job. They are not happy about his work during the coronavirus in Brazil. Half a million people die there during the coronavirus. This is the biggest protest after the start of the coronavirus in Brazil. The people say that the president thinks that the coronavirus is not serious. The people say that the president doesn’t do enough to stop the coronavirus. The president says that he wants to save Brazilian jobs.	Protesters in over 200 of Brazil’s cities and towns want to take their president to court because of the coronavirus pandemic in Brazil. Half a million people died there during to the pandemic. This was the biggest movement of people against the president since the pandemic began in Brazil. Protesters say that the president said the coronavirus was a “little flu,” and he did not do things to try to prevent  the  spread of the illness. The president said that he wanted to protect Brazilian jobs.	Tens of thousands of protesters in over 200 of Brazil’s cities and towns are demanding President Jair Bolsonaro be impeached because of how he handled the coronavirus pandemic. Half a million Brazilians have died during the pandemic. This was the biggest mobilization of people against Bolsonaro since the pandemic began in Brazil. Protesters say that the president trivialized the coronavirus as a “little flu”, and he did not use proper measures such as social distancing or lockdowns. The president has said that he did these things to protect Brazilian jobs.
A helicopter is trying to land. It wants to land on a superyacht. It misses the yacht. It falls into the water. Someone films the moment. There are three people in the helicopter. They are British. They are injured in the crash. People are investigating the incident . Both Britain and Norway are working together.	A helicopter was trying to land on a superyacht, but it crashed into the water. It happened in a Norwegian harbour and someone filmed it on camera. Three British citizens were onboard the helicopter and were injured. It is possible that a tarpaulin got stuck in the helicopter’s rotors . Both Britain and Norway are investigating the incident.	Someone captured on camera the moment that a helicopter crashed into the water near a superyacht in a Norwegian harbour. Three British citizens onboard were injured. The United Kingdom Foreign Office said that the crash occurred after a botched landing on the yacht. People suggested that the accident happened when a tarpaulin got stuck in the helicopter’s rotors. British safety investigators are assisting their Norwegian counterparts.
There is a skatepark in London. It is 36 years old. It receives heritage status . This means that it is important. Many old buildings have this status. Newer buildings like this one, do not. However, the skatepark is important. It is part of British heritage.	A skatepark in London received heritage status. People first opened it in 1978, and it now has the same protection like the Houses of Parliament and other historical buildings. The organisation which awards buildings the status says that the skatepark is modern, but it is part of British sporting heritage. It requires the recognition which Wimbledon has, for example. The skatepark is the first in Europe to receive heritage status.	A skatepark in London has become the first in Europe to receive heritage status. Known as the Rom Skatepark, it first opened in East London in 1978 and is now listed with the same protection usually given to historical buildings, such as the Houses of Parliament or Westminster. The English Heritage Body which awards buildings their listed status said the park was recognised for its cultural significance . “It is unusual. It’s the first skatepark that’s been listed actually in Europe, so it’s really quite unusual but special as well, and that’s why we have recommended it for listing. It’s not about getting hip , it’s about recognising what’s special nationally, and this is to say, modern, but this is part of our sporting heritage and requires that recognition in the same way that say Lords or Wimbledon has. It’s a different sport, a different generation , but still significant.” The park will become only the second skateboard scene worldwide to achieve listed status.
People do not get good health care in many parts of the world. Very poor people do not get any health care. This is bad when they need it. The Pope talks about this fact during his talk on the World Day of the Sick. He says that world leaders must make sure that all people get health care. The Pope thinks that money is the reason why world leaders ignore this problem. They must care about people´s health more. The Pope also speaks about doctors who work in areas with war. Their jobs are very hard. Their jobs are dangerous because sometimes soldiers attack them. The Pope believes that this does not help end wars.	On Friday, Pope Francis gave his speech on the World Day of the Sick. He said that world governments must make sure that there is health care available for all people. The Pope criticized the fact that people who live in poverty do not get medical care when they need it. He said that world leaders must focus on the problem and not let money problems push health aside . The Pope also said that attacks on medical professionals who work in war areas must stop. He believes that these attacks do not help end wars.	Pope Francis says that world governments need to make sure that they make health care accessible to everyone in their countries. This request came during his annual World Day of the Sick speech on Friday. The Pope criticized the lack of medical care available to people in poverty , and he urged world leaders not to neglect the problem. He also asked governments to not allow financial concerns to push health problems aside, and he called for attacks against medical professionals serving in regions of war to end. He said that such attacks do not serve the interests of anyone.
Meghan Markle is the Duchess of Sussex. She is the wife of Prince Harry. She is 39 years old. Meghan and Harry get married in May 2018. Meghan´s father does not come to the wedding. Meghan is sad. She writes a letter to her father. She writes a lot of private information in the letter. Then something bad happens. Mail on Sunday is a British newspaper. This newspaper prints Meghan´s letter. Millions of people can read it. Lawyers help Meghan. She wins. A court decides that the newspaper must pay 630,000 dollars. It is the money which Meghan pays to the lawyers. It is not the end. It is possible that the newspaper will pay more money.	Meghan Markle is the Duchess of Sussex and the wife of Prince Harry. They got married in May 2018, but Meghan´s father did not come to the wedding. Meghan wrote a long letter to her father in which she wrote how sad she felt, and she described the relationship between her father and her. The Mail on Sunday paper published the letter, and Meghan brought a claim against the paper. She said that what the paper did had a big impact on her private life. Last week, a court decided that the paper had to pay 630,000 dollars for Meghan´s legal costs . The duchess said that she wanted 2 million dollars, but the paper said that it was too much.	Meghan Markle won 630,000 dollars as a provisional payment towards her legal costs after she won a privacy claim against the Mail on Sunday paper. The paper printed extracts of a letter that Markle wrote to her father. The 39-year-old Duchess of Sussex sent the handwritten letter to her father, Thomas Markle, in August 2018, following her marriage to Prince Harry. The wedding took place in May that year; however, Mr. Markle didn´t attend it. Extracts from the letter appeared in a double page spread in the paper and, according to a High Court judge, the publication of the letter was manifestly excessive and unlawful. The duchess is speaking of 2 million dollars in legal fees with half the amount to be paid within fourteen days; however, the paper has described the sum as disproportionate .
A robber gets into a gallery in Greece nine years ago. He steals three famous paintings. Police believe that the paintings stay in Greece. One of the paintings is Head of a Woman. It is a painting by the Spanish painter Pablo Picasso. Picasso writes a message for the Greek people. It is on the back side of the painting. Officials believe that nobody will buy the painting. Police find the three paintings in a forest. Police think that a builder steals the paintings. He gets into the gallery through a balcony door. Police show the paintings to journalists last week. Picasso´s painting falls off a shelf. One police officer picks it up quickly. He does not wear gloves. Gloves help protect the paintings.	Nine years ago, someone broke into a Greek art gallery, and he stole three famous paintings. Last week, police recovered the paintings and they showed them to journalists. One of the paintings was Head of a Woman, a painting by the Spanish painter Pablo Picasso. There was a message from Picasso on the back which said ´For the Greek people, a tribute by Picasso´. This meant that it would be impossible to sell the painting. Greek police found all three paintings in a bush land, and they arrested a 49-year-old builder. He broke into the gallery through a balcony door. When police showed the paintings to journalists, the Picasso painting fell off a shelf. One of the officers put it back quickly, and he did not wear gloves which would have protected the painting.	Head of a Woman, a painting by the Spanish painter Pablo Picasso has been recovered after it was stolen nine years ago during a heist at Greece´s National Gallery. A few months ago, it emerged that police still believed the Picasso hadn´t left Greece. According to the Culture Minister Lina Mendoni, the artwork would have been impossible to sell or go on display because it had a personal inscription from Picasso on the back that read in French ´For the Greek people, a tribute by Picasso´. Police say that the painting was found with two other paintings in bush land wrapped in plastic, and a 49-year-old builder has been arrested for the theft. The valuable artwork had another bad event after it slipped and fell from its display. Police were showing the recovered paintings, and when the Picasso slipped, an official not wearing gloves hastily returned it to its position.
Tesla is an American company . It makes electric cars. The cars are not cheap. Tesla introduces a new car. It calls it the Tesla Model 3. The car costs 35,000 dollars. It is much cheaper than the other Teslas. Many people want the Model 3. They pay 1,000 dollars to reserve it. However, they must wait for the car. They can buy it in late 2017. Tesla plans to make 500,000 cars a year. The car is fast. It can go from 0 to 96 kilometres per hour in 6 seconds.  It can go 350 kilometres per  charge .	Tesla, a company which makes electric cars, unveiled its first affordable car. It calls it the Tesla Model 3 and it will cost you 35,000 US dollars. Even before knowing what the car looked like, many people waited in lines to put down a 1,000-dollar deposit on the car. However, even if you reserved the car, you have to wait until late 2017. Tesla plans on making 500,000 cars a year. Last year, it managed to produced just over 50,000. The car will go at least 350 kilometres per charge, and the base model will do 0 to 96 kilometres per hour in less than six seconds. Other models will be able to go faster.	You’d be forgiven for thinking this line of people are waiting for a new Apple product, but these were the scenes outside electronic car manufacturer Tesla on the day they unveiled their first affordable model. “It’s funny to put a deposit down on a car you’ve never seen. But it’s… you know, it’s a… it’s a Tesla, and it’s affordable.” Yes, they didn’t even know what the car looked like at the time they placed their one-thousand-dollar deposit. So just what have they bought? Well, it’s called the Tesla Model 3 and will set them back just over 35,000 US dollars – that’s around 24,000 pounds. According to the company’s Chief Executive , Elon Musk, you’ll get 215 miles per charge. It’ll also feature supercharging – meaning you won’t have to plug in for too long. Oh, and Tesla also plans to increase the number of places offering the supercharging by the time the car’s on the road. Those opting for the base model will be able to accelerate from 0 to 60 miles per hour in less than six seconds; other models will be able to go faster. Like some of  Tesla’s other models there’s also an autopilot feature which allows the cars to steer themselves and avoid collisions. And for those that can’t travel light, there’s storage room at the front and rear of the car. Despite many people putting the money down now, the first batch of the Model 3 isn’t expected to be delivered until late 2017 – yeah, over a year away. The reason for these queues, though? Well, there’s a potential tax credit of $7,500 on the electric cars if over 200,000 are bought. The company is planning on making 500,000 cars a year – last year they managed to produce just over 50,000. In many ways this is a make or break moment for Tesla – despite the Model S being the most popular electronic car on the market, they posted a net loss of 889 million US dollars last year. Much of that was spent on research. It’s hoped adding the mass market to the luxury one they currently sit in will change the company’s long-term fortunes –, and judging by the queues – that could well be the case! “Yeah, I think this is the car of future.”
Teachers in Congo start to strike . The strike starts on October 4. Children are angry. Children want to learn. The teachers do not teach. Teachers want extra money for their hard work. They are not happy with the retirement age . Retirement is when someone leaves his job because he is old or ill. Angry children go to Congo´s government. They speak to an official. The official says that teachers make the children do this. The official says that children must be in school and learn. He says teachers know that the children are angry. He says they believe that it is a good way to get what they want.	Teachers in the Democratic Republic of Congo went on strike on October 4. The strike already lasted more than two weeks, which meant that children learned nothing. Teachers said they would not teach children until next year, and children got very angry. They walked to Congo´s parliament because they wanted the government to end the strike. They spoke to an official, who said that children should be in school and learn and not in the parliament. He also said that teachers told the children to do this to get what they wanted. He said that teachers asked for more money and bonuses for their work. They also want to change the age when teachers stop working and retire .	Hundreds of school children went to Democratic Republic of Congo´s parliament to demand the government raise teachers´ pay and end the strike that has stopped lessons for more than two weeks. The students got angry when teachers refused to teach them until next year, so they marched into the parliament to complain in front of the authorities. Teachers began the strike on October 4, which is the start of the school year. Congo teachers´ unions said that issues included salaries, bonus pay , and retirement age. The vice president of Congo´s parliament talked to the children; he said that it was a shame that children came there instead of being in school to study. He added that the children were victims of a misunderstanding between parents, the Congolese government, and their teachers.
This news is about raccoon dogs. This animal is also called the Tanuki dog. A raccoon dog looks like something between a small fox and a raccoon . People move two raccoon dogs to a zoo. This zoo is in Mexico. They are male and female . They have nine babies. Seven are male and two are female. The parents help their babies. The babies eat apples, oranges, meat, and biscuits.	People sent two raccoon dogs, which are also known as Tanuki dogs, to a Mexican zoo in July, 2013. The pair had nine raccoon dog pups – seven are male and two are female. The litter was born last April and made its public debut this week. The proud parents provided their babies with all the care that they needed. The little ones are in good health and they are developing properly. They are eating apples, oranges, red meat, poultry and biscuits. Raccoon dogs are similar to small foxes, but they have a mask around their eyes like raccoons .	A Mexico City zoo has welcomed a litter of nine raccoon dog pups, seven male and two female, the second successful birth of this species in the country. The litter, which was born last April, made their public debut this week. From birth, the proud parents have provided the necessary care for their offspring, who are in good health and developing properly. Their current diet consists of apples, oranges, red meat, poultry and biscuits. The pups’ parents were sent to Mexico in July, 2013 and this is the only institution in the country to house this species. Raccoon dogs, or also known as Tanuki dogs, are similar to small foxes, with a mask around their eyes similar to that of a raccoon, hence its name. To communicate, they emit a kind of a bark, are naturally omnivores , feeding on insects, small rodents , amphibians , shellfish, poultry, eggs, plant leaves, roots and a variety of fruits.
People find a body of an animal. They find it in Siberia. It is 10,000 years old. It is the body of a woolly rhino. People name it Sasha. The body is in good condition. It has wool, a face, one eye, an ear and teeth. Scientists want to study the body. They want to get its DNA . The body was in permafrost. Permafrost is a type of ground. This type of ground is always frozen . This is why the body was still fresh.	People found the remains of a baby woolly rhino in Siberia. The 60-kilogram body of the animal was in good condition – it still had its wool, face, one eye, an ear and teeth. All of this was well- preserved . The animal is more than 10,000 years old and people named it Sasha. Its condition was so good because permafrost preserved it. Permafrost is a type of ground which is always frozen. Russian scientists will now try to extract the animal’s DNA.	The remains of a baby woolly rhino, which still has its fleece , has been discovered in Siberia. Named Sasha, the extinct  creature, which is thought to be at least 10,000 years old, is the first juvenile woolly rhino to be found. It was well-preserved by permafrost and experts are hopeful of extracting its DNA. A local hunter found the baby woolly rhino by a stream in Russia’s largest and coldest region, Yakutia, in September. The cub ’s skull and face are quite clearly visible and an ear, one eye, its nostrils and teeth are in good condition, as well as the wool. The remnants of two horns were also found through the carcass , which weighs about 60 kilograms and was half-gnawed . Russian scientists will now try to extract DNA and conduct certain tests to find out the exact age of the curb and the date it died.
“Rogue One” is a new “Star Wars” film. Some fans dress up as stormtroopers. Stormtroopers are soldiers from the “Star Wars” films. The stormtroopers walk in London. They surprise people. They visit many London sights .	Last Thursday, a group of stormtroopers were seen in London. They marked the release of the new “Star Wars” film called “Rogue One”. They were on their way to a private screening of the new film. On their way, they visited many famous sights, including the Millennium Bridge.	Last Thursday, Stormtroopers marched on London to mark the release of “Rogue One”, a new “Stars Wars” film. People spotted the Galactic Empire army on the London Underground early in the morning, taking passers-by by surprise. The costumed Star Wars fans were on their way to a private screening of the new spin-off , visiting a number of famous sights, including the Millennium Bridge.
There is a leader of a Mexican state. The police say that he does something wrong. They say that he sells land for very cheap. The land belongs to the state. He receives corruption charges . The leader runs away to Panama. This makes him a fugitive . He goes to court there. He says that the charges are not true. He stays for six months in custody . Then Panama sends him back to Mexico.	The ex-governor of a Mexican state fled to Panama as a fugitive to avoid corruption charges , and while there, he told the court that the charges were false. Panama kept him in prison for six months until the government decided to send him back to Mexico. He will go to trial for selling Mexico’s land at a much lower price than it was worth. He is the third ex-governor from the Mexican president’s party to receive corruption charges against him.	The ex-governor of Quintana Roo in Mexico, Roberto Borge, fled to Panama as a fugitive to avoid corruption charges. The country took him to court while he was there and he denied accusations against him. He stayed in custody for six months before Panama decided to extradite him to Mexico. Borge will stand trial for selling land that the state owned at a fraction of its real price. He is the third ex-governor from the Mexican president’s party to receive corruption accusations against him.
Billie Eilish is an American singer and songwriter. She is eighteen years old. Her career starts in 2016. She is very famous and popular. Last weekend, Eilish wins four awards at the Grammy Awards. This is an event where singers and bands get awards for their good work. Eilish writes an album with her brother. They record the album in their home. They win a Grammy award for it. They are s hocked and happy. They do not think that they can win. It is a special night. Eilish wins four main awards. She is the first woman in history to do it.	Billie Eilish won four top Grammy awards on Saturday night. She was very surprised that she won because she never expected it. She won for the best album of the year, which she recorded at home with her older brother. Her brother said that he never thought that they could win anything. He said that he was confused and grateful . Eilish is 18 years old and she is the youngest person to win all four top awards in one year. She is also the first woman in history to do this. The only artist who won all four awards in the past was Christopher Cross in 1981.	Billie Eilish made history at the 62 nd annual Grammy Awards on Saturday night, as she won four of the most prestigious awards. She won the record of the year, the song of the year, the best new album and the album of the year categories. The 18-year-old musician recorded her first studio album at home with her older brother, Fineas, who co-wrote and produced the album. The album is about depression, suicidal thoughts and climate change. Eilish appeared stunned after her name was called for song of the year, and she mentioned that the other artists deserved to win. She said that she never thought she could win anything. Eilish is the youngest person to win all four top Grammy awards in a single year and the first woman to do so.
There is new research . People from Cambridge University carry it out . The people study 8 sheep. They teach them to identify the faces of four people. In the end, the sheep identify the people 8 times out of 10. This is important research. It shows that sheep can identify faces. They are like people or monkeys.	Researchers from Cambridge University trained eight female mountain sheep to identify faces. For their study, they chose the faces of Barack Obama, actress Emma Watson, actor Jake Gyllenhaal, and BBC newsreader Fiona Bruce. The animals eventually managed to identify the familiar faces eight times out of every 10. The professor who led the study said that this shows that sheep can identify faces like people and monkeys.	Researchers from Cambridge University trained eight female mountain sheep to identify the faces of Barack Obama, actress Emma Watson, actor Jake Gyllenhaal, and BBC newsreader Fiona Bruce. The scientists showed the sheep pictures of people on two side-by-side computer screens. On one side would be a stranger and on the other would be one of the four celebrities. The ewes would receive a reward of food for choosing the photograph of the celebrity by breaking an infrared beam near the screen displaying it. If they chose the wrong person, a buzzer would sound and they would receive no reward. The animals eventually managed to identify the familiar face eight times out of every 10. Professor Jenny Morton, who led the study, said in a statement, that the sheep have shown that they have advanced face-recognition abilities, comparable with those of humans and monkeys.
In August 1945, the US drops two atomic bombs on Japan. The bombs destroy the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The US says that they want to end World War II fast. The US wants to save American people. However, more than 190,000 people die in Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Thousands of people die during the bombings . Thousands of people die later. The biggest problem is radiation. Radiation is the energy that comes from the atomic bombs. It is very dangerous for living things. 75 years after the bombing, many people still have mental problems. They remember the terrible event. However, the biggest problem is cancer . Many people who experience the bombings have cancer today. US and Japanese scientists work together. They study radiation. They make safe radiation limits for hospitals and space missions.	In August 1945, the US dropped two atomic bombs on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The US said that they wanted to end World War II more quickly and to save American lives. However, officials estimate that 120,000 people died in Hiroshima and 74,000 people died in Nagasaki. Many people died within days after the bombings. They had health problems connected with the radiation . People who survived are now usually in their 80s and 90s. They still remember the bombings, and the events are a traumatic experience for them. However, many people have cancer, which is the main and the most dangerous effect of radiation. US and Japanese scientists study radiation together. Scientists check safe radiation limits for hospitals and for space missions.	Seventy-five years after the US dropped atomic bombs on Japan during World War II, survivors are still suffering from the effects. The US dropped the A-bomb on Hiroshima on the 6 th of August, 1945, and three days later, another US bomb destroyed the city of Nagasaki. The US said that it used the weapons to end the war more quickly and to prevent the loss of American lives; however, the atomic bombs killed an estimated 120,000 in Hiroshima and 74,000 in Nagasaki. A joint US and Japanese institute examines the effects of radiation on survivors. Traumatic memories bring health problems; however, cancer is the primary risk for people who were exposed to radiation. The survivors, who are now mostly in their 80s and 90s, are prone to breast and lung cancer. The study has led to safe radiation limits in hospitals around the world, and NASA uses it to determine radiation limits for space missions.
Doctors say that the coronavirus is more serious for obese people. Obese people are very fat. Obesity makes COVID-19 more dangerous. Researchers study 5,200 COVID-19 patients. The result of the study is very interesting. More than 30% of the patients are obese. These people end up in hospital more often. For some people, the coronavirus is more dangerous. These are Black and Hispanic people. The reason is that many Black and Hispanic people are obese. Obese people usually have other health problems, too. They often have diabetes or heart problems. It is more dangerous for them when they get sick from the coronavirus. The coronavirus can hurt their lungs . Obese people have more fat around the lungs. The fat makes it more difficult to breathe.	Doctors say that there is a connection between obesity and serious COVID-19 cases. There was a study that included 5,200 people who were sick with COVID-19. More than 30% of them were obese , and there was a high chance that these people would end up in hospital. This explains why some communities have more serious problems with COVID-19. In the US, more than 42% of people are obese, and these are mainly Black and Hispanic people. This is the reason why so many sick people are Black or Hispanic. Doctors know why obese people have more serious health problems when they catch the coronavirus. These people often have diabetes or heart problems, which makes it harder to fight COVID-19. Also, it is hard for obese people to breathe because of the fat around their lungs.	Doctors say that they have seen a link between obesity and serious COVID-19 cases. Researchers confirm that obesity could be a reason why certain communities have been harder hit by COVID-19 than others. In one study of 5,200 infected people, more than a third were obese, and the chances of those people being hospitalized were higher than for other people. The obesity rate in the US is around 42%, and it is most prevalent among Black and Hispanic communities. Obese people may have a harder time fighting the virus due to other health complications, such as heart disease and diabetes . Serious cases of the coronavirus affect lungs, and doctors say that extra fat could limit the lungs´ ability to expand .
Politicians in 44 US states write a letter to Facebook. They write that it is not OK if Facebook makes a version of Instagram for children. Instagram is a place where people can show photos. The politicians say that children don’t know how to use Instagram correctly. They also say that children who use Facebook aren’t safe because they can talk to strange people on Facebook. Facebook wants to make Instagram for children which is safe. Facebook also says that Instagram for children has no ads .	Politicians in 44 US states and territories told Facebook’s boss to stop plans to make a version of Instagram for children. They wrote a letter that said social media is hurtful to children who do not know how to handle the challenges of social media. They also said that Facebook has not protected children in the past when they made a version of Facebook Messenger for children. They said that children were able to chat with strangers who their parents did not approve . Facebook said that it was exploring the idea of Instagram for children, that it would protect their safety and privacy, and that it would not show advertising.	Attorneys general of 44 US states and territories told Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to ditch plans to create a version of Instagram for children. They wrote a letter stating social media is detrimental to children “who are not equipped to navigate the challenges of having a social media account.” They also said that Facebook has not protected children in the past, such as when they created a version of Facebook Messenger for children. They described that children were able to bypass the restrictions to join group chats with strangers who were not approved by their parents. Facebook responded it was exploring the idea of Instagram for children, it would protect their safety and privacy, and it would not show advertising.
This news is from Paris. A car crashes into a shop. It is a 4×4 car. Thieves get out of the car. They go into the shop. They steal things. They take purses . The purses cost thousands of pounds. The thieves set the car on fire. They drive away on scooters. Police have the car. They study it. This is not the first robbery like this in Paris. This happens in London, too.	A gang of thieves crashed its 4×4 into the front door of a Chanel boutique in central Paris. The three thieves took purses worth thousands a pounds, set the car on fire and drove away on scooters. Police now have the car and they are going to analyse it. This is not the first robbery of this kind in Paris. A similar break-in also took place in a Chanel boutique in London last January.	A gang of thieves have crashed a 4×4 into the front door of a Chanel boutique in central Paris. The three suspects made off with purses worth several thousand pounds but not before they torched the car and escaped on scooters. The Chanel shop on Avenue Montaigne is along a street with several haute couture brands. The shop’s glass door entrance was broken and burnt debris  littered the path. Police have now retrieved the vehicle and taken it away for analysis. A similar break-in took place in a Chanel boutique in the South Kensington neighbourhood of London last January when a car crashed into the front of a shop, allowing burglars to enter. There has been a series of high-profile robberies on luxury stores in central Paris in recent years, often targeting prestigious jewellery or watch boutiques at some of Paris’s most exclusive addresses.
This news is from Michigan. Michigan is a state in the USA. A farmer is in his field. He is digging . He finds something. It is a skeleton of a wooly mammoth. Experts from a university come. They take out the skeleton. The skeleton is 10,000 to 15,000 years old. The mammoth was a male . It was around 40 years old when it died. There are big pieces of rock near the mammoth. People killed the mammoth with the rocks.	A farmer from Michigan was digging in his soy field when he made an amazing discovery. He found a wooly mammoth skeleton. Experts from the University of Michigan soon took control of the site . They said that the mammoth was an adult male, probably in its forties. It probably lived between 10,000 and 15,000 years ago. One student from the university found a piece of a stone tool . People also found three large boulders near the skeleton. People probably killed the mammoth.	A farmer in Michigan has reaped an unusual harvest – a 10,000-year-old woolly mammoth skeleton. The astonishing discovery was made while James Bristle and a friend were digging in his soy field. The pair initially thought they were pulling out a fence post, but it turned out to be a giant rib bone. Several other pieces of the prehistoric animal were uncovered, including its skull and tusks . Palaeontologists from the University of Michigan soon took control of the site and began the painstaking process of excavation . “It was an adult male, probably in its forties at the time of its death, probably lived between 10,000 and 15,000 years ago.” While the skeleton is not complete, it does include large sections of the mammoth remains, including its pelvis , vertebrae and shoulder blades. Fisher says that his team believes it was killed by humans. “One of the students found a small fragment of what we think is a stone tool. We found three large boulders next to one another in one place just offset from the skull, and we’ve seen those before. We think that they’re a kind of anchor .” Mammoths and mastodons, both distant relatives of the elephant, inhabited North America until they became extinct around 10 to 11,000 years ago. Around 330 skeletons have been unearthed in Michigan, but none have been as complete as this one.
Robots are part of our lives. In the future, there will be more robots. We will have self-driving cars soon. In the next 20 or 30 years, there will be robots in our homes. They will look like us. They will help us. People are very interested in robots. However, robots also scare people. This is natural and human.	Robots are part of our lives, and they are about to be even more present. The first example is going to be self-driving cars. In the next 20 or 30 years, we will start to see serious humanoid robots in our homes. They will do all the things that we see in science fiction. Robots intrigue people but also scare them. The curator of the Science Museum in London says that this reaction is natural and human.	A new exhibition in London charts humanity’s fascination for robots throughout the ages – one model at the exhibition dates back to the 16 th century. Almost three metres tall, Cygan, a celebrity robot of the fifties, is the display’s centrepiece. Hugo Elias from Shadow Robot Company said that we are probably a few years away from having very serious robotics in our lives. The first thing will be self-driving cars, and humanoid robots in our homes coming in the next 20 or 30 years. Ben Russel, the curator , commented on people’s fear of robots ‘turning into terrifying things that enslave us all’ – he thinks that it is quite natural to be afraid of them, but he sees the chances of it actually happening as slim.
There is a new gibbon in the forests in China. Its name is after Luke Skywalker. Luke Skywalker is a character in “Star Wars”. Scientists are studying gibbons in the mountains in China. They are primates . They are a new sort of primates because they are different from other primates. They have different colours and different markings on their faces. They also have different songs between males and females . Gibbons usually live in pairs and they sing a song to each other. Mark Hamill, the actor playing Luke Skywalker, agrees with the name. Gibbons also have problems. People hunt them and destroy their place of living.	Scientists found a new species of gibbon in remote forests in China. They named the gibbon after “Star Wars” character Luke Skywalker. The name shows that these primates live high in trees. Scientists are studying gibbons in the mountains of southwest China. They think that this is a new species of primates . They are different in many ways, for example, the colour of their coats or the different markings on their faces. They also have different songs and do duets between males and females. They usually live in pairs and they always have a duet. For scientists, it was the different songs which really got their attention and made them name these gibbons a new species. Mark Hamill, the actor playing Luke Skywalker, agreed to the new species name. Gibbons also have problems. People hunt them and damage their natural environment.	Scientists identified a new species of gibbon in remote forests in China. They named the species after “Star Wars” character Luke Skywalker. The name shows that these primates live high in the trees. Scientists studying gibbons in the mountains of southwest China concluded that these gibbons are a new species of primates because they are different in many ways from other species of primates. The colours of their coats and their different facial markings are different. They also have a distinct song and a duet between males and females. Gibbons are monogamous species, so they always have a duet. What was important into researches was the fact that their song was different from other species. Mark Hamill, the actor playing Luke Skywalker, gave his approval to the new species name. Gibbons also face legal hunting and destructive damage of their habitat .
A sad event happens on 5 th June, 1968. Sirhan Sirhan kills a US leader named Robert F. Kennedy. It happens in a hotel in California, US. Sirhan goes to prison. He must stay there for the rest of his life. Sirhan is 77 years old now. He is in prison for 53 years. It is possible that Sirhan can leave prison. He must promise he will not do any crimes. Two of Kennedy´s sons agree with the idea. One son, Douglas Kennedy says that it is a chance for Sirhan to live a normal life. A special board must check Sirhan´s situation. Then, the governor will decide what will happen with Sirhan.	On 5 June 1968, Sirhan Sirhan murdered Robert F. Kennedy. The attack happened at a hotel in Los Angeles, California. Sirhan ended up in prison where he served a life sentence . Last week, after 53 years in prison, 77-year-old Sirhan got very good news. He can leave prison if he promises that he will not do any crimes. Two of Kennedy´s sons agreed with the idea, and one of them said that Sirhan was still a human, and he should get a chance to live a normal life.  It is not clear now if Sirhan will leave the prison. A special group called the California Parole Board must check the case, and then, the governor will decide what will happen with Sirhan.	Sirhan Sirhan, the assassin of US Senator Robert F. Kennedy, was granted  parole on Friday, after two of Kennedy´s sons spoke in favor of Sirhan´s release, and lawyers declined to argue that he should stay in jail. The decision was a major victory for the 77-year-old man, who spent 53 years in prison; however, it doesn´t guarantee he is free. The ruling must be reviewed by the California Parole Board and then sent to the governor who will make the final decision. Douglas Kennedy, who was a toddler when his father was gunned down in 1968, said he was moved to tears by Sirhan´s remorse , and he should be released if he´s not a threat to others.
A gay man is a man who likes other men. A lesbian woman is a woman who likes other women. Gay and lesbian people in Costa Rica are happy. Since May 26, gay and lesbian people can marry their partners . Costa Rica is the first country in Central America where this is legal . In 2018, Costa Rica´s most important court checks the rights of gay and lesbian people. These people must have the right to marry. The government has 18 months to make a new law . However, the government does not do it. The court must do it. Gay and lesbian people celebrate the new law. Many weddings take place on the first day. The president of Costa Rica celebrates, too. He says that the law brings important changes for people.	Costa Rica became the first country in Central America and the sixth county in Latin America that allows same-sex marriages. Same-sex marriage is a marriage between two men or two women. In 2018, Costa Rica´s highest court decided that same-sex marriage must be legal in the country. The government had 18 months to prepare a new law and to make same-sex marriage legal. However, the government did not do it. As a result, on May 26, same-sex marriage became legal because the highest court decided it. The president of Costa Rica celebrated the new law. He said that it would make important changes in society and culture. Same-sex couples celebrated too, and there were many weddings on the first day when the law came into force .	Costa Rica became the first country in Central America and the sixth country in Latin America to allow same-sex marriages. In 2018, the country´s Supreme Court ruled that a ban on same-sex marriages was unconstitutional , and the court gave lawmakers 18 months to pass new laws to legalize it. However, lawmakers did not do it, and same-sex marriage became legal automatically on May 26. Same-sex couples celebrated the country´s decision by holding weddings overnight. The president, Carlos Alvarado Quesada, celebrated in a video message, and he said that this change would cause a significant social and cultural transformation of the country. He said it was a move forward in a country that had room for everyone.
Russia carries out a military training. The training has 8,500 soldiers, 900 military vehicles , 50 warships and 200 warplanesl. This drill happens in the south of Russia. The West does not like this. The relations between Russia and the West are getting worse. The West criticizes Russia, and Russia criticizes the West. This is about Syria and Ukraine. Also, NATO sends more soldiers to eastern Europe. Russia is growing its army. Both sides are getting more and more aggressive.	Russia carried out a large military drill . The drill involved 8,500 soldiers, 900 military vehicles , 50 warships and 200 warplanes. The drill took place in Crimea and a nearby region. The relations between Russia and NATO are getting worse. The West criticizes Russia because of the situation in Ukraine, and Russia criticises NATO that more NATO soldiers are coming close to Russia’s borders. Russia is building up its army. It is forming four new military divisions. A division is a large military formation with 10 to 20 thousand soldiers.	A show of force from the Russian Defence Ministry… This large-scale military drill involved 8,500 troops , about 900 military vehicles, 50 warships and up to 200 warplanes on the annexed Crimean Peninsula and in the southern Krasnodar region. Russia’s carried out several unannounced military drills since relations with the West deteriorated over the Ukraine crisis with Moscow criticising what it says is a build-up of NATO forces near Russia’s borders. Back in January, Russia said it would form four new military divisions this year to strengthen its western and central regions. Just a day before this drill on the 11th of February, NATO agreed, its boldest steps yet to deter Russia from any attacks in the Baltics or eEeastern Europe, setting out ways to rapidly deploy air, naval and ground forces without resorting to Cold War-era military bases. Last year, Russia started targeting Syria with airstrikes that it says are aimed at Islamic State which Turkey, Arab states and the West say are mostly aimed at other opponents of Assad’s. Russia’s intervention in Syria’s made an already complicated situation more complex, testing the NATO alliance’s ability to deter a newly assertive Moscow without seeking direct confrontation.
A man and his dog are in a car. The car is outside. The man leaves the car. The dog stays there. The car is open. The air-conditioning is running. When the man comes back, he finds his dog. He also finds a koala in the car. The koala likes the cooler temperature in the car. The man wants the koala to leave. It takes him a moment. In the end, the koala gets out and runs away.	A winemaker in South Australia left his car open and walked away. The air-conditioning was running and his dog was in the car. When the man came back, he found his dog and a koala in the car. The animal was enjoying the cooler, comfortable climate . It took the winemaker a while to make the koala leave, but in the end, it left.	A winemaker in South Australia left his air-conditioned car open to help keep his dog cool in the heat. When he returned, there was more than just his dog waiting for him. A koala had joined the dog in the car’s more comfortable climate. Although the human struggled a while to make the koala leave, it did leave his car eventually.
In Vietnam, people traffic other people into slavery . Some young women go to England. They work at a nail salon. They are not paid. They have to live above the nail salon. One 16-year-old nail salon worker is missing. The police find her. They find out about the slavery. The police arrest three people. These people go to jail. They will be in jail for a total of nine years. A UK leader says that nail salons need licenses . This can help stop this kind of crime.	In Bath, England, people at a nail salon used slaves to sell treatments for little money. They trafficked the slaves from Vietnam through other parts of England. The women were not paid and their slave owners made them sleep in a small loft above the salon. Police found three people to be guilty of slavery after they found a missing 16-year-old worker. These three people went to jail for a total of nine years for not following laws about slavery. A UK politician said that nail salons need licenses to stop this kind of crime.	In Bath, England, a nail salon used slaves to sell treatments for cheap to customers. The slaves were young Vietnamese women trafficked through the Midlands and South West. The women were not paid and the slave owners made them sleep in a small loft that was above the salon. Police found that three people were guilty of the slavery after they found a missing 16-year-old worker. The police discovered their illegal earnings hidden inside of a stuffed toy. These three people went to jail for a total of nine years for violating the Modern Slavery Act. The UK’s anti-slavery commissioner said that nail bars need licenses to prevent this from happening.
This happens in southern Italy. Two men enter a pizzeria. These men are criminals. They want to rob the pizzeria. One of them has a gun. He points it at the owner . The criminal fires, but the gun jams . The owner keeps fighting. Other workers of the pizzeria help. They break plates over the criminals’ heads. Police catch the robbers quickly.	Two men tried to rob a pizzeria in southern Italy, but they weren’t successful. As they entered the pizza shop, one of them pulled out a pistol and aimed it at the owner. He fired the gun repeatedly, but it jammed . One of the robbers tried to open the till, but the owner kept fighting. The employees of the pizzeria even broke plates over the robbers’ heads. Police arrested the two criminals shortly after the incident.	This CCTV footage released by an Italian pizzeria shows the moment employees hurl plates at armed robbers trying to rob the pizza shop. Filmed late on Monday evening in a small take-away pizza shop in southern Italy, the footage shows two men entering the pizzeria and one pull out a pistol, aiming it at the owner. The gun then jams , as it’s fired repeatedly. The owner stubbornly pulls the cash register away from the accomplice of the armed robber, who can be seen continuing to try and open the till to remove the night’s takings. Despite the pistol still being drawn, other employees come to the rescue, smashing plates over the heads of the robbers. The two thieves were arrested shortly after the robbery attempt.
This news is about Nabi Tajima. She was from Japan. She was born in August, 1900. She is 117 years old in 2018. She passes away this year. She has around 160 descendants. She even has great-great-great grandchildren. Mrs Tajima was the 3rd oldest person in history.	Nabi Tajima was until recently the oldest person in the world. She was born in August 1900, which made her the last person born in the 19th century. She passed away in a hospital in southern Japan at the age of 117. She had more than 160 descendants , including great-great-great grandchildren. Mrs Tajima was the 3rd oldest person in recorded human history.	The oldest person in the world and the last survivor of the 19th century died at the age of 117 in a hospital in southern Japan. Nabi Tajima, who was born on August 4 th , 1900, passed away of old age after spending months in hospital. People reported that she that had more than 160 descendants , including great-great-great grandchildren. She was the 3rd oldest person in recorded human history.
This news is from Rio de Janeiro. Taxi drivers protest there. They drive into the streets. There are hundreds of taxis in the streets. They do not move. They block the way. The taxi drivers protest against Uber. The taxi drivers say that Uber is taking their jobs. They say it takes 60% of their work. They want Uber banned . One man is a taxi driver for 36 years. Now, he cannot pay his housing bills . Soon, people will cut off his electricity. This situation is not only in Brazil. Taxi drivers in other countries protest, too. Uber protects people’s right to choose who drives them.	Hundreds of taxis flooded the streets of Rio de Janeiro, but they were not going anywhere. They protested against Uber. Taxi drivers feel that their services dropped by 60% since Uber began in Brazil, and they want the app to be banned . One man has worked as a taxi driver for 36 years, and he believes that Uber must end. He does not have the money to pay his housing bill. He says his electricity is about to be cut off. Brazil is not the first country where people protest against Uber, but the company says that it defends the choice of its customers.	Hundreds of taxis flood the streets of Rio de Janeiro, but they’re not going anywhere. They’re here to protest – protest against Uber. Tensions in Brazil have been bubbling over between taxi drivers and the app driven ride sharing company with complaints of lack of regulation and unfair competition. In the midst of the country’s worst recession in a generation, desperate drivers feel their services have dropped by 60% since Uber began in Brazil, and they’re calling for legal action to bar the app. Savio Santos has worked as a taxi driver for 36 years and he believes Uber has to end if their business is to survive. He says he hasn’t paid his housing bills in three months and his electricity is about to be cut off. Would-be passengers are forced to walk along the side of the road with suitcases and bags in tow , as drivers block the main routes from the Santos Dumont Domestic Airport waving their arms in protest, bringing the bustling city to a standstill. For those at the airport flights leave and arrive on schedule, but just outside the check-in lounge, banners unfurled , coloured smoke and chants of unrest. This isn’t the first country where Uber has come under fire but the company says it defends the choice of its customers.
This news is from a zoo in England. Keepers see that there is something wrong with one of the elephants. It is not eating well. They ask a dentist for help. He makes the elephant go to sleep. He looks inside its mouth. One tooth is in the wrong position. It is not moving right. A part of it is breaking off. There is an infection around the tooth, too. The dentist takes the tooth out. The elephant is better now.	We all know what it is like to have a toothache, but it cannot be as bad as an elephant’s toothache! Keepers at a zoo in England noticed that one of the elephants stopped eating properly. They decided that it was time for a visit from the dentist. He found out that one of the teeth was in a wrong position. The tooth was not moving forward and dropping out as it should. Part of it was starting to resolve and there was an infection around it, too. The dentist put the elephant fast asleep during the procedure , which took about two hours. The elephant is feeling much better now.	We’ve all known the pain of a mammoth toothache but perhaps not quite as much as Lucha the elephant. Keepers at Whipsnade Zoo in Bedfordshire were concerned when Lucha stopped eating properly before deciding it was time for a visit from the dentist. Capturing the whole procedure on camera, Dr. Peter Kertesz, who’s more used to asking people to say “ah”, removed a colossal troubling tooth from this very grateful giant. “What became apparent was that this tooth was in the wrong position and not moving forward and dropping out as it should, so what we think it happened is it rotated forwards like this and this front portion of the roots were starting to resolve and it was quite infected around here as well.” As for the procedure, well, if you think your dentist’s drills are scary, check out this guy’s. The easily squeamish should look away now. “I mean the whole procedure took about two hours, that included removing this tooth, doing a little bit of work on the tooth below to flatten the coronal surface of that and into recover her.” Don’t worry though, Lucha was fast  asleep throughout the entire process. And the result? Well, how do we all feel after a trip to the dentist? Happy, hungry and hopeful that it’ll be a long while before she sees that drill again.
Google wants to expand into the real world. Google works on self-driving cars, solar-power balloons, and now also on drones . These drones will deliver things. The drones look like small airplanes. They can fly without people’s help. They can bring you many things. However, Google is still working on this project. It will take years.	Google wants to expand into the real world. It works on self-driving cars, solar-powered balloons, and also delivery drones . The drones will rival Amazon’s services. The drones look like little airplanes, and they will be able to fly on their own. They can get you anything from sweets to medicine. The project will take years of development .	Google has revealed the first prototype of their delivery drone which is set to rival Amazon’s Prime Air. The drones which look like mini airplanes will be capable of flying on their own and delivering everything from sweets to medicine. The effort, which Google calls Project Wing, will take years of development to create a service with multiple vehicles flying numerous deliveries per day. “Project Wing aspires to take another big chunk of the remaining friction out of moving things around in the world.” The project represents the web giant’s latest effort to expand its reach beyond webpages and into the real world with projects including self-driving cars, solar-powered balloons and same-day home delivery services. Last year, Google’s rival Amazon announced plans to use aerial drones to offer customers high-speed delivery.
An airport in the USA has animal ambassadors . There are dogs and even a pig in the programme. They come to the airport so people can pet them. Then the people feel more relaxed. The pig weighs 46 kilograms. Many people can get to pet him.	In Albany International Airport, USA, there is a pot-bellied pig who is an animal ambassador . He comes to the airport so nervous travellers can pet him and feel calm. He weighs 46 kilograms and many people can get to pet him. He is a part of the dogs in the canine ambassador programme.	Bacon Bits is a two-year-old pot-bellied pig that works at Albany International Airport, USA, as an animal ambassador . Nervous travellers can pet him and feel at ease . As he weighs 46 kilograms, there is a lot of him to go around ! This is good as he appears to be a big success! Bacon Bits joins the dogs that are part of the canine ambassador programme.
Copper is one of the most important materials. It is a part of many products. The price of copper doubles during the coronavirus. Many businesses stop. Now the situation is changing. Governments put a lot of money into businesses. Many companies need copper. It is not an easy situation for companies which make copper. Companies are making new technologies. They are green technologies. Companies want copper. We will see if companies which make copper can use this situation well.	The world is coming back on its feet after the coronavirus pandemic, and governments are putting a lot of money into businesses. One of the most important materials is copper , and it tells us about the situation for businesses. People use copper in many products, and now, the demand for copper is quickly growing. It is one of the reasons why the prices of copper doubled during the pandemic. Companies are developing new more environmentally-friendly technologies, and it is not clear if copper producers will be ready to benefit from this situation.	Copper prices doubled during the pandemic, as the industrial staple benefited from a supply crunch, surging consumer spending and the accelerating transition to renewable energy systems. What does copper tell us about the post-pandemic economic environment? Copper is used in so many products that it´s a bellwether on how the world economies are doing. The price of copper is likely to keep increasing, and the reason is the lack of more supply, the increased demand coming about as the world is now getting back with both feet on the ground, and it´s moving forward with expanding economies. Governments around the world have launched economic recovery packages in response to the recession brought on by the pandemic. However, the question is whether copper producers are prepared to leverage this new era for their development.
Britney Spears is an American singer and actress. She is 40 years old. She becomes very popular in the 1990s and 2000s. People call her the Princess of Pop. Spears marries another singer named Kevin Federline in 2004. They have two sons. Spears and Federline divorce in 2006. They both take care of their sons. Then Spears starts to have problems with alcohol. A court decides that Federline will take full care of the children. It happens in 2007. Spears has many problems. Her father becomes her conservator. It means that he controls her money and life. He does it for 13 years. Britney´s fans are not happy. They sign a petition . They hope that Britney will be free again. Britney´s father says that he will not be her conservator anymore.	Britney Spears is an American singer and actress who was born in 1981. She had a big impact on pop music during the 1990s and 2000s, and many people called her the Princess of Pop. In 2004, Spears married a singer named Kevin Federline, and they had two children together. Spears and Federline divorced in 2006, and they both took care of their children. Then, Spears started to have problems with alcohol, and she ended up in several drug treatment centers . In 2007, Federline got full custody of the children. In 2008, a judge decided that Spears´s father James Spears would become her conservator. It meant that he controlled her money and life for a long 13 years. Britney´s fans did not want her father to control her life. They organized a petition , and they hoped that Britney would be free again. Last week, Britney´s father said that he would not be her conservator anymore.	Born in 1981, Britney Spears is an American singer, songwriter, and actress who influenced the revival of teen pop during the 1990s and 2000s. People often referred to her as the Princess of Pop. In 2005 and 2006, she gave birth to her sons Sean and Federline; however, in 2006, she filed for divorce from her husband Kevin Federline. They reached an agreement to share joint custody of their sons. Then, Spears was admitted to several drug rehabilitation facilities, and in 2007, she lost custody of her sons to Federline. In 2008, a court placed Spears under conservatorship of her father James Spears, giving him complete control of her life and assets for 13 years. Now, Britney´s father is stepping down from the conservatorship. According to his lawyer, there are no actual reasons to suspend or remove him; however, James Spears is responding to the public battle and a petition for his suspension.
There is a presidential  election in Kenya. President Kenyatta is Kenya’s current president. Raila Odinga is running against him. The election is tight . There are problems, too. An election  official is killed. Some people say that the election is rigged . There is chaos in the streets, too. People can die. A 102-year-old woman votes. She is one of the oldest Kenyans. She believes that good leaders come from God.	A presidential election is taking place in Kenya. Raila Odinga is running against the country’s current president, Kenyatta. The election is tight and problematic. An election official was murdered and there are claims of vote-rigging . People are afraid that there could be chaos if the losing party does not accept the result. More than 1,000 people died in the election of 2007. Among the voters is a 102-year-old woman. She is one of Kenya’s oldest citizens. She is a proud Kenyan who believes that good leadership comes from God.	A presidential election is taking place in Kenya with the country’s current president, Kenyatta, and his veteran  challenger , Raila Odinga. The poll is a tight one, and with the murder of a top election official and claims of vote-rigging, there are fears of unrest if the losing party does not accept the result. A contested poll in 2007 led to more than 1,000 deaths. There have been media reports of a 102-year-old woman, believed to be one of Kenya’s oldest citizens, voting in this election. She is a proud Kenyan who also believes that good leadership comes from God.
This news is from England. People find a skeleton . It is near Stonehenge. It is is 4,000 years old. The skeleton is 1.5 metres long. It belonged to a teenager. Experts want to know the gender of the teenager. Scientists are happy about this skeleton. It can tell them about the people who lived near Stonehenge.	Scientists found a 4,000 year-old skeleton not far from Stonehenge. The skeleton was a teenager. Scientists are now trying to find out the age and the gender of the teenager. The skeleton is about a metre and a half in length, and people found it in a foetal position . It was also wearing a necklace. One doctor described the skeleton as a “wonderful discovery”. Experts hope that it will shed light on the lives of people who lived around Stonehenge and prayed there.	A recent discovery of a 4,000-year-old skeleton may shed light on the lives of people who may have lived near Stonehenge. Archaeologists unearthed a skeleton of an adolescent between Stonehenge and Avebury, Europe’s largest Neolithic stone circle which is around 40 kilometres from Stonehenge. The leading archaeologist described the finding as a “wonderful discovery”. Thought to date back to the Bronze Age , the body was found in a foetal position . There was also an amber necklace on the skeleton. Archaeologists are trying to find out the age and the gender of the ancient ancestor .
This news is about sport. A man cycles up a tall building. It is the Taipei 101 tower. The building has 3,139 steps. It takes the man 2 hours and 30 minutes to get up. The man is 33 years old. He is Polish. He is a teacher. This is his second record. His previous record is also good. He cycled up a tower in Melbourne. This building has 2,919 steps. Taipei 101 was the tallest building in the world. Burj Khalifa in Dubai is the tallest building in the world. Burj Khalifa is 500 metres taller than Taipei 101.	A Polish mountain biker cycled up the Taipei 101 tower. It took him 2 hours and 30 minutes to overcome the building’s 3,139 steps. However, he is still waiting for confirmation of the record by the Guinness World Record authorities . The man is 33 years old and he is a teacher. His previous record was set last year – he climbed 2,919 steps up a tower in Melbourne. Taipei 101 was the tallest building in the world. Burj Khalifa in Dubai then took the title – it is more than 500 metres taller.	A Polish mountain biker has broken his own world record by cycling up 3,139 steps at the Taipei 101 tower. It took Kristian Herba 2 hours and 30 minutes to complete the challenge. The 33-year-old teacher surpassed his previous record of last year when he climbed 2,919 steps up a tower in Melbourne. But he’s still waiting for confirmation of the new record by the Guinness World Record authorities. Taipei 101 was formerly the tallest building in the world before the Burj Khalifa in Dubai took the title – it’s more than 500 meters taller.
The USA is unhappy with Venezuela’s president. People vote for another person to be the president. However, the current president is not stepping down . America has a man who is working on this problem. This man works in the 1980s. He wants to overthrow Nicaragua’s government . It is possible that he wants to overthrow Venezuela’s government, too. However, this is a problem. People around the world may not like that America changes something in Venezuela.	The US is challenging the legitimacy of Venezuela’s president because he will not step down to another leader who the people voted for. The Venezuelan president is ignoring the world’s requests to give up his power. The American president asked a leader to help America with this problem. This leader wanted to overthrow Nicaragua’s government in the 1980s, which means that he might want to overthrow Venezuela’s government. America hopes to get Venezuela’s military to stop supporting the president there. However, this can backfire if people see this as the US trying to force change. They may not want to support the other leader.	The US is challenging the lawfulness of Venezuela’s president, Nicolas Maduro, and the US sanctioned Venezuela’s state-run oil company. This is in an effort to shift money over to Juan Gaido, the opposition leader. Maduro is ignoring the world’s requests for him to cede power to Gaido. President Trump asked Elliott Abrams to lead the country’s response to the crisis. In the 1980s, Abrams wanted to overthrow Nicaragua’s government which means that he might want to try to overthrow Maduro. The hope is to get Venezuela’s military to switch sides from Maduro because the military would not fight the US. However, this can be a problem, as people may not support Gaido if they see the US trying to force a change in Venezuela.
Tiger Woods is a golfing legend . In Texas, he builds a golf course. People come to visit. Some young golfers come. One of the golfers is eleven years old. He wants to try out the course. He steps up to hit the first shot at the first hole . He has to hit the ball 348 metres. He hits the ball far enough. The ball makes it near the hole. Then the ball moves into the hole. This means he has a hole-in-one . He does this in front of Tiger Woods. People are happy. Tiger hugs the boy. He is happy, too.	In Texas, Tiger Woods, the golfing legend, built a golf course at his home and recently opened it. Crowds of people came to visit, including a group of young golfers. One golfer, an eleven-year-old boy, wanted to try out the course, so he stepped up to hit the first-ever shot at the first hole. The par was 348 metres, and not only did he hit the ball far enough, it then rolled into the hole, giving him a hole-in-one in front of Tiger Woods. The crowd applauded while Tiger hugged him with pride.	“We’ve got a couple of juniors representing the South Texas PGA , that’ve earned the right to play here today with Mr. Woods.” No pressure here! An eleven-year-old fan hits a hole-in-one in front of golfing legend Tiger Woods. The crowd erupted with applause as Taylor Crozier became the first person to hit a hole-in-one on Woods’s golf course at Bluejack National in Texas. And the prolific athlete was the first to congratulate the boy, running up to him and embracing him with pride. Woods, who designed the playground’s golf course, watched on as Crozier stepped up to hit the first-ever shot on the course at the par 381-yard first hole. Crowds had flocked to see the little boy putt the ball in front of former World Number One and 14-time major champion. And he certainly didn’t let them down!
This happens in 2012. People are in a cinema. The cinema is in Colorado, USA. The people are watching a premiere of a film. It is midnight . A man comes to the cinema. He has three guns. He starts to shoot them. He kills 12 people. He injures seventy people. The man goes to prison for life. New photos emerge . They show the cinema. They show it right after the attack.	In Colorado, USA, people were watching a midnight premiere of Batman in July 2012 in a cinema. James Holmes killed 12 of the people and injured 70 in this cinema. James Holmes had three guns, and he was dressed in body  armour . More than three years after the attack, the court sentenced Holmes to life in prison without parole . New photos emerged . They show the cinema right after the shooting.	New photos have emerged which were taken at the chaotic  aftermath of the Colorado shooting. The pictures are of the cinema’s auditorium where the gunman James Holmes killed 12 people who were watching a midnight premiere of Batman. More than 70 others were injured. Prosecutors released the images in response to open record requests. They show the elaborate home-made explosives in Holmes’s apartment which he had rigged into a potentially deadly booby trap . Holmes moved from California to Colorado in 2011 and started up his graduate neuroscience course at the University of Colorado in Denver. But he dropped out after a year. By that time, he was well into planning the attack and stockpiling  ammunition . He had three guns he used with intent to kill on the 20th July 2012. He dressed head-to-toe in body armour before slipping into the packed cinema. More than three years after the attack, Holmes was sentenced to life in prison without parole in August.
CES is a show. People organise it every year in Las Vegas. It shows new technology to people. A new type of camera is at the CES this year. Its name is Roader. You wear the camera on your neck. When you press it, the camera sends a 20-second video to your phone. The video begins 10 seconds before you press the Roader! This means that you can never miss a moment. You can buy the camera later this year. It costs 199 dollars.	The 2018 CES recently happened in Las Vegas. A camera called Roader was one of the new products. Roader is a camera which you wear around your neck. When you press a button, it sends a 20-second video clip to your phone. The video begins 10 seconds before the press of the button. This means that you cannot be too late to film something. The gadget will be available later this year in the US for 199 dollars.	At the CES in Las Vegas this year, people introduced a time machine camera that you can wear as a necklace that is called Roader. The founder of Roader pointed out that if something special happens, like the first steps of your child, you’re always going to be too late to grab your phone, start the camera and capture the moment. However, when you press the button on the Roader, the camera sends a 20-second video clip to your phone. The video begins 10 seconds before the press of the button. The gadget will be available later this year in the US for 199 dollars.
The wet monsoon is a wind in South East Asia. It brings rain. It brings so much rain that it floods some areas. Over two million acres of farmland are flooded. Farm animals die. Homes and roads are broken. In total, 140 or more people die in India, Nepal, Pakistan and Bangladesh. Monsoon flooding affects around 6.7 million people in India. India says that it is good to disinfect homes after the flooding.	Monsoon flooding affected around 6.7 million people in India. Over 100 people in India and Nepal died in the flooding and landslides. Pakistan and Bangladesh say that over 40 people died from lightning strikes. Over two million acres of farmland were flooded, livestock died, and homes and roads were damaged. India’s National Disaster Management Authority is warning more people to be prepared for floods. The authority also says that people should disinfect their homes after the flooding, use mosquito nets and stay away from fallen power lines.	Widespread monsoon flooding affected some 6.7 million people in India. Over 100 people in India and Nepal died in the flooding and landslides, and officials in Pakistan and Bangladesh say that over 40 people died from lightning strikes. Over two million acres of farmland have been flooded, and homes and infrastructure damaged. People have been taking shelter on higher ground, in places like schools and temples. India’s Disaster Management Authority is warning more people to be prepared for floods with first aid kits and other supplies . They also suggest that people disinfect their homes after flooding to ‘ ensure cleanliness ’, use mosquito nets to prevent malaria and avoid fallen power lines. Red Cross and Red Crescent volunteers are in Bangladesh, India and Nepal to help deliver emergency supplies.
Millions of people come to Mecca every year. These people are Muslims. Mecca is an important city to them. Every Muslim should visit Mecca. There is a place in Mecca. Its name is Kaaba. This place is the most important place for a Muslim. People go around it and they pray . They must circle it seven times.	Millions of Muslims make the pilgrimage to Mecca every year. A pilgrimage is a religious journey, and every good Muslim should go to Mecca at least once in his or her life. Muslims must wear cloth and circle around the Kaaba . They walk around it anticlockwise seven times while they pray. The pilgrimage occurs in the twelfth month of the Islamic calendar. People expect that three million people will visit Mecca this year.	More than two million Muslims have made the pilgrimage to Mecca for the annual Hajj, the world’s largest gathering of Muslims and often considered the largest gathering of people in the world. The Hajj pilgrimage is a religious journey that every devout follower of Islam is expected to make at least once in their life and is considered one of the faith’s greatest acts of worship. It is one of the five pillars of Islam. On Wednesday, thousands of visitors wearing simple white folds of cloth circled around the Kaaba at the centre of the Al-Masjid al-Haram Mosque. Pilgrims walk anticlockwise around the Kaaba seven times while praying. Hajj occurs in the twelfth month of the Islamic lunar calendar, and three million people are expected to visit Mecca for Hajj this year, Saudi Arabian authorities said.
This news is about a woman. She is from England. When she is 15, she leaves school. She thinks that she will never get a degree . The Second World War is a problem. She has health problems, too. However, she gets better. She graduates at the University of Bristol. She is the oldest graduate of the university. She is 86 years old when she graduates.	Peggy was born in England in 1931 and left school at 15 with no formal education. She thought that she would never get a degree . During her life, she faced problems like WW2 and a serious kidney infection, which nearly killed her. Amazingly, she bounced back and completed an educational doctorate. At the age of 86, she is the oldest graduate from the University of Bristol. Dr Peggy is proof that it is never too late to make your dreams reality.	Born in 1931, Peggy from England left school at age 15 with no formal qualifications, thinking that she may never get a degree because of WW2. She also faced hurdles like a serious kidney infection, which nearly killed her. Amazingly, she bounced back and completed an educational doctorate at the age of 86, becoming the oldest student ever to graduate from the University of Bristol. Dr Peggy is proof that it is never too late to accomplish your goals.
Many famous couples break up last year. Many famous people also get together. Kim Kardashian is a model and business woman. She is getting divorced from her husband, rapper Kayne West. They are together for seven years. They have four children. Bill Gates is one of the richest men in the world. He breaks up with his wife Melinda after 27 years. Elon Musk is the world’s richest person. He breaks up with his wife singer Grimes. Musk and Grimes have a son. He is one year old. Still, some people are happy. Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck get together after 17 years. Their fans are very excited. Singer Britney Spears has a good year, too. Her father does not control her life or money after 13 years. Also, she is going to marry her boyfriend Sam Asghari.	Many famous people got together in 2021, and many couples broke up , too. Model and entrepreneur Kim Kardashian and rapper Kanye West announced that they were getting divorced. The couple were married for seven years, and they had four children. The media said that West bought a house close to his ex-wife and children, so they could still see each other. Another couple, who broke up last year, were Bill and Melinda Gates. They decided to divorce after 27 years because they could not grow together as a couple anymore. Tesla boss Elon Musk and singer Grimes also split , but they stayed close because they wanted to care for their one-year-old son. Also, fans were happy when they found out that singer Jennifer Lopez and actor Ben Affleck were together again. The couple split 17 years ago, and they started to date again in September. 2021 was also a good year for singer Britney Spears. In September, she said that she would marry her boyfriend Sam Asghari, and two months later, a court said that her father would no longer be responsible for her or her money.	2021 brought together many couples; however, it also had heartaches. Model and entrepreneur Kim Kardashian filed for divorce from rapper Kanye West after almost seven years of marriage. The couple have four children, and reportedly, Kanye purchased a house near their home in Los Angeles, California, so he could be close to his family. American business magnate Bill Gates and his wife Melinda announced their divorce after 27 years of marriage, saying that they no longer believed that they could grow together as a couple. Tesla CEO and rocket manufacturer Elon Musk and singer Grimes announced that they were ´semi-separated´; however, they stayed on good terms to co-parent their one-year-old son. Singers Shawn Mendez and Camila Cabello said that they had broken up, saying that the relationship was not growing. American singer Jennifer Lopez and actor Ben Affleck reunited after 17 years apart, which delighted fans. In September, Britney Spears announced her engagement to long-time boyfriend Sam Asghari, just weeks before a Los Angeles court ended her 13-year conservatorship which gave her back control of her personal life and money.
In Tukey, almost 200 people die and over 1000 are injured. This happens when a part of the army tries to take control of the government. It begins when rebel soldiers close some bridges in Istanbul. People do not know who is in control of the country. Explosions happen in the capital of Ankara and also in Istanbul. Planes in Istanbul cannot fly. The country’s president asks people for support . They support him. The coup is finished. The rebel soldiers leave their tanks.	In Turkey, almost 200 people died and over 1000 are injured. It happened when a part of the army tried to take control of the government. It began when rebel soldiers closed the main bridges in Istanbul. At that time, people did not know who was in charge of the country. People reported gunfire and explosions in the capital of Ankara and the main city, Istanbul. The government closed the airspace over Istanbul region to civilian flights. The country’s president asked his supporters to come out onto the streets. When people were in the streets, the coup finished and the rebel soldiers left their tanks.	It was a night the Turkish Prime Minister described as “a black stain on Turkish democracy.” Almost 200 people have been killed and over 1000 injured after a military uprising in Turkey.  It began when rebel soldiers closed the main bridges in Istanbul leaving Turks unsure of who was in charge of the country. Hours later, a group from within the military seized control of the state broadcaster . Gunfire and explosions were reported in the capital Ankara and main city Istanbul. Airspace over Turkey’s northwestern Marmara region was closed to civilian flights.  Hundreds died during the clashes and 2800 soldiers, including high-ranking officers, were arrested. As reports came in of tanks firing at parliament, the country’s president urged his supporters to come out onto the streets. And as crowds answered their president’s plea , the coup attempt crumbled and rebels abandoned their tanks. Despite the attempted coup being reportedly over, tensions still remain high and civilians are being urged to stay indoors.
The year 2016 ends. Now it is 2017. People think about the old year. They plan for the new year. London Zoo counts its animals. It starts with the big cats. It finishes with the smallest insects . There are around 18,000 animals in the zoo. The numbers change. Animals die and animals are born . New animals come to the zoo. The zoo has two new baby tigers. Zoos must count their animals every year.	The year 2016 is gone. People think about what they did in the old year and plan for the new year ahead. For London Zoo, the new year means counting every animal – from the biggest cats to the smallest insects. The zoo must make an inventory every year, but it is also important to know if the animals are reproducing . Then the zoo shares the information with other zoos in the world. In 2016, many new animals came to London Zoo, including two baby Sumatran tigers. There are over 18,000 animals in the zoo, but this number is always changing. Counting the animals is not easy either , especially when counting monkeys and fish.	The new year is a time to take stock , look back at the year gone by and plan for the months ahead. For the keepers at London Zoo, that means counting every creature in their care from the biggest cats to the smallest insect. It is a requirement to have an annual inventory of the species, but it is also globally important to share the information of successes and information of the species that have bred throughout the year. In 2016, the zoo saw the arrival of many new animals including Sumatran tiger cubs Achilles and Karis. Overall, London Zoo is home to over 18,000 animals, but the exact number is constantly changing so this stock-taking, which usually takes around a week to complete, can be quite the challenge. Squirrel monkeys are really hard to count because they are in a big open space and counting all the fish in the zoo’s aquariums is no easy task.
Greece is a country in Europe. Many tourists visit it every year. Last year, Greece gets more than $19 billlion from tourism . Now, the situation is different. Many countries around the world have difficult rules about traveling. Airlines are canceling their flights. People cannot travel. It is bad for travel companies, hotels, and restaurants. Greece has a new idea. The country starts a website. The website is for tourists . It is very interesting and attractive . There are videos and articles about Greece. They show Greek history, culture, or famous people. Greece hopes that tourists like the website. The Greek government’s tourism organization hopes that tourists come back when the coronavirus pandemic ends.	Greece is a popular tourist destination. Last year, the country got more than $19 billion dollars from tourism; however, the coronavirus changed everything. Many countries introduce travel restrictions , which affected airlines, people, and places that depend on tourism. Greece found a way to stay attractive for tourists. The country launched a website with videos and content from Greek history, culture, or celebrities. The website also cooperates with Google, and it offers free training on digital marketing skills. The Greek Tourism Ministry thinks that virtual tourism can attract tourists, and they can visit the country when travel restrictions end.	In the time when global tourism has slowed down, Greece has found a way for people to enjoy what it has to offer. The Greek Tourism Ministry launched a virtual introduction to Greece, its people, and culture. The site features videos and content from Greek celebrities, athletes, and more. The site also partners with the learning series Grow with Google, and it provides free training on digital marketing skills through the website. In 2019, Greece earned more than $19 billion from tourism. Currently, airlines are struggling because of reduced travel, and people and places that depend on tourism are already seeing the effects. It is not clear when the coronavirus pandemic will slow down; however, virtual tourism could entice tourists to visit when travel restrictions end.
This news is about a man. He is from China. He has an unusual hobby. He loves nails . He eats them. That is no joke. He can eat a few nails at once. The nails are three to five centimetres long. The man eats some nails and drinks some water. The Chinese man shocks many people. The man learned to eat nails 32 years ago. He was 17 or 18 years old. The man can eat glass and ceramics , too. It sounds crazy, but the man is fine!	A man from China has an interesting hobby. He loves nails . However, he doesn’t collect them. He eats them. Yes, that is no joke. He can swallow a few nails at once. The nails are three to five centimetres long, and the man washes them down with water. The Chinese man shocks everyone around him. The man learned it from other people 32 years ago. He was 17 or 18 years old. The man can eat glass, ceramics and tiles , as well. It all sounds crazy, but he is healthy.	Meet Long Yunsheng, a man from China with a penchant for iron nails. Apart from Long doesn’t collect the iron nails, he eats them. Yes, you heard correctly. Long easily swallows several nails with a length of three to five centimetres. Washing them down with a cup of water, Long stuns everyone around him, as he eats the nails with ease. Long said he developed the unbelievable habit of swallowing nails after he learned it from others about 32 years ago. “I was 17 or 18 years old. I was not sure that the man who can do this was willing to teach me. If the teacher likes you, he teaches you. If not, he refuses to teach you.” Despite being able to add glass, ceramics and tiles to his weekly food shop list, Long is said to be in good health.
This happens in Ukraine. A 78-year-old woman lives in a small village. A river blocks access to shops. She has to walk a detour for several kilometres. It takes 30 minutes. Or she can use a flying trough . Fifty years ago, her husband made it. The trough is fast. It takes only five minutes to cross the river. Before, the river is not scary to the woman. Now she is older. She is scared of the river. The local government wants to build a bridge near her home.	In Ukraine, a 78-year-old woman lives in a small village where a river blocks access to shopping. She has to walk several kilometres for 30 minutes, or she can use a flying trough . Fifty years ago, the woman’s husband invented it. On the trough, it takes only five minutes to cross the river. The woman says that the river did not used to scare her, but now it scares her because she thinks that she would not be strong enough to get to the riverbank if she fell. The local government plans to build a bridge near her home.	Ukrainian 78-year-old Khrystyna Rosokha lives in a small village where a river blocks access to the shops. She has to take a several-kilometre detour , or she can use a flying trough . Fifty years ago, the woman’s husband invented the trough. On the trough, it takes five minutes to cross the river versus walking for 30 minutes. The woman says that she used to not be afraid of the river, but she is now as the river’s depth is 4 to 5 metres. She added that if she fell before, she would be injured, but she knew that she could get to the riverbank. She worries that she would not be strong enough now. The local authorities plan to build a bridge near her home.
Do you want to have some fun? Are you in London? An installation is open in a London gallery . The installation is a big pit . The pit is full of small balls. There are 81,000 of these white balls. You can come and jump in the pit. It is for free. If you visit, you can have fun. You can also help a charity . The charity gets £1 for every person who visits the installation.	If you want to have some fun, you can visit an installation in a gallery in West London. What is so entertaining about the installation? It is a giant ball pit and it is especially for adults. It is free to visit and contains 81,000 white balls. The agency which created the installation will donate £1 to a charity for every person who visits the ball pit. The ball pit holds up to 30 people at a time and runs until February 13th.	If you’re looking for a new and fun creative outlook or just to beat the January blues , this could be right up your street ! It’s a giant ball pit especially for adults. The pit, based in a gallery in West London, is free to visit and contains 81,000 balls, which can hold up to 30 people at a time, and it looks pretty fun. The pit is the brainchild of creative agency Perlfisher who will donate £1 to the charity Right to Play for every person that visits. Not only is the giant pit full of fun, it also aims to promote the transformative power of play and promises to provide a seasonal creative recharge . The jump-in installation runs until February 13th.
People in Germany vote . They choose from political parties . Angela Merkel ’s party wins. This is Merkel’s fourth win. Merkel’s party is called CDU. It wins but another party gets strong too. This party is called the AfD. The AfD is an anti- immigration party. A lot of people like it. Other people say that it is like the Nazis. They do not like it. They protest against the AfD.	Angela Merkel won her fourth term as German Chancellor . Her party did not get as many votes as in previous elections. This year, Merkel’s CDU (The Christian Democratic Union of Germany) lost many votes to the AfD. The AfD stands for ‘Alternative for Germany’ and is a right-wing party . Its support increased dramatically recently. One supporter explained that this was because people were dissatisfied with Germany’s immigration policy . There are also people who are against this party. There was an anti-AfD protest in Berlin, and people held banners which read ‘I’m feeling sick’ or ‘Don’t repeat history!’. One protester talked to the media about the AfD. He said that its politicians were Nazis. The centre-left SDP (Social Democratic Party) had its worst post-war election result. The party received only 20% of the votes, and its leader said that it would go into opposition.	Angela Merkel won her fourth term as German Chancellor but with a smaller vote share for her party the ‘Christian Democratic Union of Germany’ or CDU. The group lost ground to right-wing nationalists. Merkel now faces the difficult task of forming a new coalition in Germany’s parliament. Merkel said that the party had imagined a better result, but it also recognised the shared responsibility for the country and the future that it now has. The right-wing nationalist AfD or ‘Alternative for Germany’ surged in the polls, becoming Germany’s third largest party. An AfD supporter explained that the reason for this was the previous absence of parliamentary opposition, which would challenge the former coalition’s immigration policy. Voices disagreeing with AfD’s ideals could also be found – there was an anti-AfD protest in Berlin. The people held up banners which read ‘I’m feeling sick’ or ‘Don’t repeat history!’. One protester who talked to the media about the initiative said that AfD supporters were basically Nazis, which was apparent from the language that their politicians were using. The centre-left SDP (Social Democratic Party) had its worst post-war election result with only 20% of the votes with the leader declaring that the party would go into opposition.
A ferry is at sea. It is in Indonesia. It moves from one island to another. It carries 35 people. There is an explosion. A few of the people are badly injured . They go to hospital. The explosion is an accident. There is no bomb. This happens often in Indonesia. The boats there are not very safe.	A ferry was travelling between two Indonesian islands when an explosion happened. The ferry was carrying 35 people. A few of them were badly injured and went to hospital. Officials said that it was an accident. It was a fail in the electronics. Maritime safety in Indonesia is poor, and fatal accidents are common.	Several tourists were badly injured and rushed to hospital after a deadly explosion on a ferry in Bali. The ferry, carrying 35 people, was travelling between the Indonesian islands of Bali and Lombok. Tourists on board included Australian, British, French, German and Korean citizens. Officials said a “ short circuit ” near the fuel tank might have been the cause, which ruled out a bomb. Indonesia has a poor maritime safety record and fatal accidents are common.
A “safety deposit box” is a box. This box is for protection. It protects the thing inside it. You can put anything in this box. People put expensive things in these boxes. People keep safety deposit boxes in a vault . Criminals in London rob a vault. The criminals take 300 deposit boxes. That is a lot. This is a big robbery .	People use safety deposit boxes to store secret documents, cash and jewels. People usually keep these boxes in an underground vault . Criminals robbed a vault in London. The gang used cutting equipment to break inside and took around 300 safety deposit boxes. Some of the stored things were worth hundreds of thousands of pounds. Police are investigating the robbery and did not tell whose safety deposit boxes were stolen.	Forensic  officers have been combing to the scene of a major robbery in Britain’s main jewellery district Hatton Garden. Police believe the thieves used heavy-duty cutting equipment to break into an underground vault , potentially netting millions. The gang took a reported 300 safety deposit boxes as they struck over the Easter weekend. The Scotland Yard were alerted to the burglary at Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Limited when business opened at 8 am on Tuesday. Sources say a significant number of safety deposit boxes, which are usually used by the rich to store sensitive documents, cash and jewels, were understood to have been forced open. One diamond jewellery expert who works in the district believes that the robbers came through a lift shaft and got into the basement where the safety deposit is. They then went through the boxes of jewellery and gems , many of which are owned by people in the trade. It’s thought some of the stored goods are worth hundreds of thousands of pounds. Police have not yet revealed whose safety deposit boxes have been broken into and they say enquiries are ongoing.
Theresa May is the British Prime Minister. She gives a speech . She talks about her plans. She says that she is going to step down on June 7th. She says that Britain is under stress now. However, there are many good things about Britain. People still can feel good and be optimistic. She says that for her being prime minister is very special.	Theresa May is the British Prime Minister, and she recently gave a speech. She said that she is going to leave office on June 7th. In her speech, she said that Britain is under stress. However, there are many good things about the country, and there is so much to be proud and optimistic about. She said that serving as prime minister was the honour of her life. After Margaret Thatcher, she was the second female prime minister. She thinks that she will not be the last.	Theresa May announced her resignation – her leadership of the British Conservative Party will end on June 7th. In her resignation speech, she said that Britain was under stress, but there was so much good about the country, and so much to be proud and optimistic about. She said that serving as prime minister was the honour of her life. After Margaret Thatcher, she was the second female prime minister but certainly, she thinks, not the last.
Halloween is coming! Zookeepers at a zoo in Chicago treat  their animals to something special. They give them pumpkins or jack-o’-lanterns . Some animals eat the pumpkins. Some animals cannot eat the pumpkins. However, there is something good inside the jack-o’-lanterns for them.	As Halloween approaches , animals at a zoo in Chicago enjoy pumpkin treats . Some of the animals eat the pumpkins themselves. Other animals get jack-o’-lanterns with something tasty inside.	As Halloween approaches, animals at Brookfield Zoo in Chicago have been enjoying pumpkin treats. Some animals ate the pumpkins themselves while carnivorous animals found something tasty inside the jack-o’-lantern that the zoo staff had carved for them. People say that the animals are physically and mentally stimulated by this process.
This news is from Brazil. Two dams break. These dams hold water. The water is very dirty. It is probably toxic , too. There is a lot of water. It could fill 25,000 Olympic swimming pools. The water gets in the ocean. It is a disaster .	Two weeks ago, two dams at an iron ore  mine in Brazil burst. Thick orange mud is now washing into the ocean. There is as much mud as there is water in 25,000 Olympic swimming pools. The Brazilian government is calling this a catastrophe. The mining company says that the mud is not toxic, but biologists and experts say that it is. The Brazilian President told the company to pay 44,000 pounds (66,500 dollars). Some people think that it is not enough and they protest.	The Brazilian government has labelled this scene an environmental catastrophe. After two dams burst at an iron ore mine, thick orange sediment is now washing into the ocean along the coastline. As much as 25,000 Olympic swimming pools’ worth of sediment has flowed more than 300 miles (483 kilometres). Eleven people died in the disaster earlier this month. The Brazilian President has fined the mining company more than 44,000 pounds, but some believe that doesn’t go far enough and protested in fishing boats. The mining company Samarco has set up temporary barriers in an attempt to contain the mud flow and had been digging canals this week to guide the sediment out to sea. Samarco says the mud isn’t toxic, but biologists and environmental experts disagree. It has been more than a fortnight since the disaster and the long-term effects on the environment and the people who live there are yet to be fully understood.
The Japanese government says that Chinese and Russian ships sail near its islands. Five Chinese and five Russian ships sail through the Tsugaru Strait . The strait is an international waterway. An international waterway means that any ship can sail through it. Still, Japan is not happy about this. Japan is afraid of China and Russia. Japan watches the ships carefully. China and Russia do military exercises near Japan this month. They break no international rules. Experts say that China and Russia want to make Japan nervous . They often do military exercises together.	The Japanese government said that five Chinese and five Russian ships sailed through the Tsugaru Strait on Monday. The Tsugaru Strait separates Japan´s main island and the island of Hokkaido. The strait is an international waterway which means that ships can go through it. Still, Japan said that it would watch the ships very carefully. Earlier this month, Chinese and Russian ships held exercises in the area. The exercises included communications, defense actions, and maneuvering . Experts said that both countries wanted to exercise together, but they also wanted to get Japan’s interest. The Tsugaru Strait is only one of the few ways through the Japanese islands.	On Monday, the Japanese government said that Chinese and Russian navy ships sailed together through a waterway separating Japan´s main island and its northern island of Hokkaido. Five Russian and five Chinese ships, including destroyers and frigates , passed through the Tsugaru Strait, one of the few waterways through the series of islands that separate mainland Asia from the Pacific Ocean. The waterway is considered international; however, Japan said it would continue monitoring surrounding waters and the air. According to international experts, both navies held a military exercise, but their goal was to get Japan´s attention. The exercise earlier this month included communications, sea mine countermeasures , air defense, and joint maneuvering .
An incident happens in Argentina’s waters. There is a Chinese ship. It must not fish there. An Argentinian coastguard comes to the ship. The Chinese ship moves towards the coastguard. It wants to hit the coastguard. The coastguard warns the ship. The ship does nothing. The coastguard attacks. It damages the boat and it goes down. The coastguard saves four Chinese. Another Chinese ship saves the others.	A Chinese boat was fishing in Argentina’s waters which it was not supposed to do. Argentinian coastguard warned the boat, but the Chinese didn’t answer. Then the boat was trying to collide with the coastguard. The Argentinians decided to take action and attack the boat. They shot holes in different parts of the fishing boat which then sank. They rescued four Chinese. Others abandoned the ship and another Chinese ship picked them up.	Argentina’s coastguard has sunk a Chinese fishing trawler after a territorial waters dispute . According to officials, the boat was fishing illegally in its national waters. In a statement, the Argentine navy said that the boat was intercepted after it did not heed warning calls. Sailors then shot holes in different parts of the fishing boat, causing it to sink. The Argentine navy says it has been 15 years since one of its vessels last sank a foreign vessel fishing illegally in Argentina’s waters, but the offending ship was performing manoeuvres designed to force a collision with the coastguard, putting at risk not only its own crew, but coastguard personnel . The Chinese government has “expressed serious concern ” over the incident, but appeared to admit that it had been fishing in Argentina’s territorial waters, before it was engaged and sunk. Four of the trawler’s crew were rescued. Others who abandoned ship were picked up by another Chinese vessel shadowing the pursuit .
There are valuable artefacts in Pompeii. Criminals want to take them. They build tunnels. Police find their tunnels. Experts come to the tunnels. They find interesting artefacts. They find a big horse. Its body is complete. This is a good find . The horse is almost 2,000 years old.	Italian police intercepted tunnels built by thieves last August. The tunnels led to Pompeii with valuable artefacts . In the one tunnel, archaeologists found a horse, which died in the eruption in ad 79. The horse is quite big, and people think that it belonged to a rich family.	Archaeologists unveiled the full remains of a horse that was swamped by lava during the volcanic eruption at Pompeii. They made the discovery during an investigation into grave robber tunnels. Italian investigators intercepted the tunnels built by thieves last August. The animal appears surprisingly big and most likely belonged to a rich family. Archaeologists made a plaster cast of the horse, which still had its bronze and iron harness on. Mount Vesuvius’ eruption in ad 79 buried the horse, stable and villa.
Scientists in Italy work in special rooms. Any weather can be in these rooms. The rooms can have snowstorms. They can be very cold. The temperature can be minus 40 degrees Celsius. Scientists can also make very hot weather. Scientists study what happens to people, plants, and other living things when the weather changes. Some living things adapt to a new situation easily. Others die. It is important to know what can happen. The world weather is changing. Mountain rescuers use these rooms, too. They train for their work. They are happy. They do not need to do it in the mountains.	Italian scientists work in special rooms. These rooms are called climatic chambers. A climactic chamber is where a scientist can simulate all different kinds of weather. The rooms can have snowstorms with temperatures of minus 40 degrees Celsius or dry heat waves, too. Scientists study how different weather conditions affect people, plants, and small animals. Scientists want to understand how living things adapt to extreme weather, which is very important, because global weather is becoming more extreme. Mountain rescuers use these special rooms too. In the past, they had to climb mountains when they wanted to train. Now, it is much easier, because they train in these rooms.	An Italian research center is attempting to show the conditions of a climate disaster under laboratory conditions. The climatic chambers at the Eurac facility in Bozen-Bolzano are able to create extreme weathers and temperatures from artificial snow blizzards at minus 40 degrees Celsius to the driest of heat waves. Scientists want to see how climate change is affecting the natural world, and how humans, plants, and small animals acclimatize when exposed to the harshest weather conditions, without endangering themselves. Also until now, mountain rescuers had to climb four days to practice emergency procedures. However, these rooms’ new technologies can create these treacherous conditions for training. Scientists hope that data from the experiments will also help inform people about how to care about the natural world a little better.
Italy was a monarchy. In 1946, it became a republic. This was on June 2nd. Italians celebrate June 2nd as the Republic Day. They hold a military parade every year.	Italy abolished monarchy and founded the republic in 1946. People celebrate the Republic Day every year on June 2nd. People hold a military parade in Rome, and planes drew the Italian flag in the sky. Italy’s recent three months of political turmoil has ended. Italy has a new, populist government .	People celebrated this year’s Republic Day, also known as the Festival of the Republic, on Saturday, June 2nd in Italy. The day annually marks the 1946 abolishment of monarchy and founding of the republic and people celebrate it with a military parade. The country’s aeronautic acrobatic squad flew low over downtown Rome trailing the flag colours, and Italy’s President Sergio Materella placed a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. Italy’s recent three months of political turmoil ended after a new populist government was sworn in.
There are terrible storms in Italy. There is a lot of wind and rain. All of this kills at least 14 people. The people die in car accidents. Pieces of things hit them. Trees fall on them. The storms fill up dams . Trees fall down. Houses go under water. Mudslides fall on roads. Mudslides make buildings fall down hills.	In Italy, extreme storms, wind, and rain caused damage and killed at least 14 people. Many of them died from debris or falling trees. The storms filled up dams , knocked down trees, flooded homes, and created mudslides that blocked roads and made buildings fall down hills. Italy’s fire and rescue service showed videos so that people could know what happened.	In the north east of Italy, severe storms, wind, and rain damaged the area and killed at least 14 people. Many of them died in car accidents or after debris or falling trees hit them. The storms filled up dams, knocked down trees, flooded homes, and caused mudslides that blocked roads or made buildings fall down hills. Italy’s fire and rescue service released drone videos so that people could know of the impact .
In the USA, health companies usually wait to tell patients how much things can cost. President Donald Trump signs an executive order . The order says that health companies must tell patients how much their health care costs. They must tell patients early. The information must be easy to understand and be clear. Trump hopes that this can lower health care costs. Patients can go to different places to get the best prices. However, it is not clear how the government can make this happen. Health companies are already trying to change the president’s order.	President Donald Trump signed an executive order that gives more openness and honesty on health care costs. The order says that health companies in the USA must tell their patients how much they are going to pay. The hope is that this will lower medical costs when patients know the prices upfront . They can go to different places to get the best prices. However, it is not clear how the government will enforce this order and if it will actually lower prices. Health companies are arguing against these changes.	President Donald Trump signed an executive order that gives more transparency regarding health care costs in the USA. The order says that health insurers and providers must tell their patients what they will actually pay out of pocket. The hope is that this will lower medical costs when patients know the costs ahead of time. They can go to different places to get the best prices when they know the costs. However, it is not clear how the government will enforce this order and if it will actually lower prices. Some people think that it may raise prices because health companies will know what the others charge. The president also wants drug makers to show the drug costs in TV ads. Drug makers and health companies are arguing against these changes.
Starbucks is a big company. However, it is not growing quickly. Instead it grows its delivery service . It works with a company called Uber Eats. It also works with other delivery services. Uber Eats helps Starbucks start a new delivery service. It is called Starbucks Delivers. It has special drinks. The drink containers are made for delivery. They are insulated . They do not open easily. Starbucks tries the service in China. It wants to try it in the US soon.	Starbucks is not growing as fast as it wants, so it is expanding its delivery service with Uber Eats. It has deliveries through other services, as well. Uber Eats is different in that it is starting a Starbucks delivery services called ‘Starbucks Delivers’. For example, it has drinks with special packaging like spill – proof lids and insulated containers to keep orders hot or cold. Starbucks is testing the service in China. In the US, people will be able to order from Starbucks Delivers or Uber Eats.	Starbucks is having trouble with growth, so it is upping its delivery game as it expands its delivery service with Uber Eats. Starbucks also has deliveries through services like DoorDash, GrubHub, and PostMates. Additionally, in some cities, customers have had the option to order by delivery for years. Uber Eats is different in that it is working with Starbucks to make a delivery service called ‘Starbucks Delivers’. It has custom beverages made for delivery with special packaging like spill-proof lids, tamper -proof seals , and insulated containers to keep orders hot or cold. In China, Starbucks is testing the service, and deliveries there usually take 30 minutes or less. In the US, the service will be similar and people will be able to order from Starbucks Delivers or Uber Eats.
In Australia, about 100 fires burn. Fires burn about 7.5 million acres of land there. Many residents must evacuate in the state of Victoria. They need to get away from the fires. However, some residents live in remote places. Officials tell them that it is not safe to leave. They tell them that they can stay safe indoors. Many people want the Australian government to cancel a New Year’s Eve show. They want to use the money from the show. They want to help firefighters. They want to help people who have problems from the fires. The Australian leader does not want to cancel the show.	In Australia, about 100 fires are raging , and fires burned about 7.5 million acres so far. In the state of Victoria, tens of thousands of people evacuated because of the fires. However, officials told people who live far from cities that it was too late to leave, and they should take shelter indoors. Hundreds of thousands of people are asking the government to cancel a New Year’s Eve fireworks show in Sydney. They want to use the $4.5 million for the show to help firefighters or people affected by the fires. The Australian Prime Minister said that he will not cancel the show.	In Australia, about 100 fires continue to burn; about 7.5 million acres have been scorched so far. In the state of Victoria, tens of thousands of residents had to evacuate due to the fires. However, officials told residents who live in remote places that it was too late to leave, so they should take shelter indoors. 11 people have died in these fires. One volunteer firefighter died during a fire and two were injured when high winds rolled their truck. Hundreds of thousands of people signed a petition to cancel Sydney’s New Year’s Eve fireworks show. They want to use the $4.5 million for the show to help firefighters or the people affected by the fires. The Australian Prime Minister said that he will not cancel the show.
On Monday, a fire starts in California. The fire spreads very quickly because of high winds. It burns more than 3,300 acres of land. It does not burn any buildings. However, the danger gets bigger. Firefighters try to control the fire. It is very difficult. They are not successful. Officials closely watch the situation. They want to declare a state of emergency. The situation gets very bad. Officials plan to take local people to a safer place.	On Monday, a wildfire started in Santa Barbara Country, California. The flames already burnt at least 3,300 acres, and they are moving fast because of high winds. Firefighters try to get the fire under control, but they are not successful. The fire did not destroy any buildings, but many buildings are in danger. The Santa Barbara County wants to declare  a state of emergency . The California governor says that officials monitor the situation and they are ready to start mandatory evacuations.	On Monday, a wildfire started in southern California. The flames scorched at least 3,300 acres in Santa Barbara County, and high winds in the area help spread the flames. Firefighters do not have any part of the fire contained . The fire has not destroyed any buildings, but many buildings are threatened. The Santa Barbara County has asked California Governor, Gavin Newsom, to declare a state of emergency. Newsom said that officials are monitoring the fire, and they want to order mandatory evacuations.
One man from the USA lived alone for a long time. He lived for 30 years in the woods . The man started to live in the woods soon after the Chernobyl accident. This person lived without a contact with people. He stole things from camps. People caught him when he was stealing. He is at the police station now. The winters are very hard in the woods. The man lived in a camp which he built in the woods. We don’t know why he lived alone.	One man from the USA lived in the woods alone for thirty years. He moved into the woods soon after the 1986 Chernobyl nuclear accident. This person has lived nearly without any human contact. He supported himself by stealing from nearby camps. Now, he has been caught and arrested . To survive the brutal winters in the woods, the man built himself a large camp. There’s no known reason for his lonely life.	In 1986, Christopher Knight walked into the woods in Maine. He stayed there for almost three decades as a hermit , living nearly without human contact and stealing from nearby camps. To survive the brutal winters, he built a large camp about 20 miles north of Augusta. He covered his tent with a tarp and surrounded it by camouflage garbage cans to conceal that he was there. Christopher said that the last major event he remembered happening was the Chernobyl accident in 1986, but that was not necessarily why he went into the woods. Police caught and arrested him at the Pine Tree Camp where he had been stealing food. Christopher told police officers that he had talked to only one person during all of that solitude . Police charged him with one count of burglary so far, and additional counts will likely follow during the 27 years in the woods.
Scientists study the atmosphere of Venus. They use telescopes in Hawaii and Chile. They believe that a special gas is in the atmosphere of Venus. A gas is a thing which we sometimes cannot see that can be in the air. The gas is called phosphine. On Earth, we usually find it in volcanoes. It is in places without oxygen . Scientists are not sure why phosphine is on Venus. However, living things make this gas on Earth. Scientists think that life could be on Venus. It is a very exciting idea. Another idea is that there are examples of chemistry that they do not know about there. The US Space Agency, NASA, wants to send robots to Venus. The latest discovery can be a big change for NASA. NASA will maybe decide to study Venus faster.	Scientists discovered something very interesting in the atmosphere of Venus. They studied the planet from telescopes in Hawaii and Chile, and they think that the atmosphere could contain a gas called phosphine . On Earth, we connect this gas with life in places with no oxygen, such as volcanoes, lightning strikes, or meteorites. Meteorites are small rocks that come from space. However, scientists do not think that this is happening on Venus, and they are thinking about two possibilities. It is possible that there is some scientific information called chemistry that they do not know about yet. The second and more exciting possibility is that there is some kind of life that makes the gas. Currently, NASA is thinking of sending two missions to Venus, and this discovery could make a big change on the decision.	On Monday, researchers detected evidence that may suggest that microbes are living in sulfuric clouds in the atmosphere of Venus. Scientists studied the clouds from telescopes in Hawaii and Chile, and they believe that the clouds contain phosphine, a gas that on Earth is associated with biological life in oxygen-free environments. Researchers have ruled out several factors that could have produced the gas on Venus, such as volcanoes, lightning strikes or small meteorites. Two possibilities remain, one being that there is some unknown chemistry. The second possibility is that there might be a life form in the Venus atmosphere that is making the gas. In February, NASA said that it was considering two potential missions that could send robotic spacecraft to Venus, and the new research may now speed up these efforts. NASA is expected to make a decision on potential Venus exploration by April next year.
Ferrari is an Italian company. This company makes sports and racing cars. Ferrari introduces a new car. It is the 2021 Ferrari Roma. The car is very special. It has beautiful lines. They are typical for Ferrari cars. But Ferrari Roma is very modern, too. The car´s top speed is 320 kmph. It has eight gears . It can go from 0 to 100 kmph in 3.4 seconds. It is very light and easy to drive the car. The price of the car starts at almost $216,700. The car will be on sale in spring 2021. It is possible that Ferrari Roma is the last Ferrari car without any hybrid electric parts.	Ferrari has introduced a new car, the 2021 Ferrari Roma. The car is going to be on sale in spring 2021, and its price starts at $216,670. The car is 611- horsepower , and it can reach the speed of 320 kmph. There is a lot of leg and head room, so it is comfortable even for tall people. The brakes react quickly and the steering is light. There is a back seat, but it is suitable for a handbag or some shopping bags. The car combines the classic Ferrari lines with modern style. It is possible that this is the last Ferrari car that does not have any hybrid electric parts.	If you have been dreaming of owning a Ferrari, the 2021 Ferrari Roma is going to be your best bet. The car is 611- horsepower , and its top speed is 320 kmph. Its eight-speed paddle shifting transmission and rear-wheel drive can make the car accelerate from 0 to 100 kmph in 3.4 seconds. Ferrari Roma combines the classic beautiful lines of the Ferrari heritage with the modern, most accessible vehicle that Ferrari has come up with to date. The 2021 Ferrari Roma starts at $216,670, and it is set to go on sale in spring 2021. It may be the last Ferrari ever without having some sort of hybrid electric components.
Twenty years ago, the rapper Biggie Smalls dies. Now, a US congressman wants to pay tribute to him. The congressman raps when he talks about the rapper. He tells his story. He says that the rapper starts out poor. The rapper becomes rich by working hard. The congressman says that this shows the American Dream .	Twenty years ago, the rapper Biggie Smalls died in Los Angeles. A US congressman who represents New York wanted to pay tribute to the rapper, as the rapper lived in his district in his past. The congressman rapped while he talked about the rapper’s story. He said that he went from being poor to being rich, and this showed a real example of the American Dream.	A US congressman named Hakeem Jeffries wanted to pay tribute to New York rapper Biggie Smalls on the 20th anniversary of the rapper’s death. Jeffries felt proud of the fact that he represents the district where the rapper lived. He rapped as he said that the rapper’s ‘ rags to riches ’ story is the ‘classic embodiment of the American Dream’ and though he is gone, he will never be forgotten. After the tribute, another congressman announced that the politicians would move from the topic of the Notorious B.I.G. ’s music to the ‘ notorious healthcare proposal’.
This news is from a zoo in the USA. A Komodo dragon lives there. It is a big lizard . It is 14 years old. Zookeepers train this lizard. They show it a picture, and the animal must come to it. If it comes, they give it something to eat. The lizard has a camera on its back. The keepers can see what the animal sees.	This news is from a zoo in the USA. Zookeepers are training a Komodo dragon to come to a target they show to it. The 14-year-old lizard always gets something good after he comes. The zoo says that this lets them move the dragon to different areas without having to sedate him. The Komodo dragon also has a camera fixed onto his back. The video lets zookeepers see the world through the animal’s eyes.	San Diego Zoo keepers have target -trained a 14-year-old Komodo dragon. Trainers are increasing Sunny the dragon’s daily activity and teaching him how to walk to certain targets. According to the zoo, the activity will help keepers easily move Sunny to different areas without sedating him. Trainers encourage the large lizard to walk towards certain targets, rewarding it with a treat when it arrives at the proper destination. Sunny is also trained to wear a camera mounted on a harness to his back. The footage helps zoo keepers see the training activities through the lizard’s eyes and understand his perception of the target training sessions.
The word ´robot´ comes from the Czech language. The Czech writer Karel Čapek uses the word for the first time in 1921. Čapek writes a science-fiction play called ‘R.U.R.’ It is about a factory. The factory makes robots. Robots become very dangerous. They fight with people. They win. The word ´robot´ is similar to the Czech word ´robota´. It means hard work. People often use it in the past. People use robots for many things today. Robots can be small but very big, too. They help people do difficult tasks. They help clean hospitals during the coronavirus pandemic . They help in restaurants and hotels. Some people keep them as pets .	Do you know where the word ´robot´ comes from? The Czech writer Karel Čapek first used the word in a science-fiction play called ‘R.U.R.’. Karel Čapek was born in 1890 and he wrote many works which criticized the political situation of his time. He wrote ‘R.U.R.’ in 1921, and the play was about a factory which made robots. The robots did not want to listen to people and in the end, they overpowered people. The word ´robot´ comes from the Czech word ´robota´ which means hard work. Čapek inspired many authors and filmmakers and the topic of the power of robots became very popular. Today, there are many different types of robots. Some are small, some are big and some can do different tasks. They clean hospital floors, help in hotels and restaurants, and they can even be people´s pets.	The word ´robot´ was first used in a Czech-language science fiction play called ‘R.U.R.’ (‘Rossum´s Universal Robots’) by Karel Čapek in January 1921. The word ´robot´ was formed from the Czech word ´robota´ which roughly translates as ´forced labor´. The play was about a factory that made artificial people who eventually overpowered the human race. Since then, the theme of robot revolt has had a huge impact on popular culture, and it inspired scripts for films such as ‘Star Wars’ and ‘Blade Runner’. In the years Čapek´s play first premiered , various kinds of robots have been programmed to carry out all sorts of tasks. They can disinfect hospital floors, check in hotel guests, keep company, serve meals, encourage social distancing; and even provide entertainment.
The company Google has a special device. It is called Google Home. People have special speakers in their homes from Google. Google makes some changes in the software of Google Home. Software is a special program that an electronic device uses. People start to get notifications from the speakers. The speakers can hear noise in people´s homes. Usually, the speakers can hear a smoke alarm or glass breaking. Some people worry that the speakers can hear everything in their homes. Google apologizes for the mistake. Google changes the software again. Now, the speakers cannot hear anything. However, Google has more problems with privacy . Google collects information about its customers. This is information about what people buy and what they are interested in. Google uses this information to send people specific ads . These ads bring Google more money.	Recently, Google made a software update, which left a lot of people surprised. People, who used the Google Home device, started to get notifications from Google´s smart speaker when the speaker detected some noise in the background. Usually, it was noise like a smoke alarm or glass breaking. Google admitted the mistake, and changed the functions of its speakers. The functions are the things that the speakers can do. This means that the speakers cannot detect noise in homes anymore. However, some people worry about their privacy and they are not happy with the way that Google uses some data. Google gets data on its users and uses it to sell specific adds. Also, Google has a financial share in a security company. This company will use Google´s internet cameras as a part of a security system for its customers.	Google has admitted that its smart speaker can detect everyday noises in people´s homes. People who have the Google Home device reported that they got notifications from the speaker when it picked up background noises like a smoke alarm or glass breaking. Google accidentally introduced this feature during a software update, and the company says that the feature has been disabled . However, there are already privacy concerns related to how Google makes money by selling targeted ads using data that the company gets on users. Recently, Google announced that a security company, in which Google owns 7% stake , will begin using Google´s internet-connected cameras as a part of its customers´ security systems.
There is a show in a museum in New York. It is about pterosaurs. Pterosaurs live 66 million years ago. These animals can fly. However, they are not related to birds. They are related to dinosaurs. They are a unique group of animals. They are the biggest flying animals. Their wings are really big. One wing is around 5 metres long. The animals have a backbone and they can fly. This makes them really special.	There is a new exhibition at a New York museum. It is about pterosaurs. Pterosaurs were not related to bats, nor to birds. They were closely related to dinosaurs, but they were not dinosaurs. They were a unique group. These animals lived 66 million years ago. They were the first animals with backbones to evolve powered flight. They were really unique in that way. They were also the largest flying animals we know of right now. Some of the pterosaurs had wing spans up to ten meters across!	The largest flying vertebrates in earth’s history are taking to the air at The American Museum of Natural History. A new exhibition at the New York museum will examine the life and history of the dinosaur era reptiles known as pterosaurs, which were the first back-boned animals to evolve powered flight. “Pterosaurs as their own unique group, they were the first animals with backbones to achieve true powered flapping flight, so that they’re really unique in that way. They also represent the largest animals we know of ever to have powered flight. Some of them have wing spans up to ten meters across, which is a huge, huge animal. But as their own group, they’re not related to birds, they’re not related to bats, they’re just a unique group of reptiles that are closely related to dinosaurs but aren’t dinosaurs. When they evolved, they were very diverse and they lived on every continent.” While the reptiles may have become extinct 66 million years ago, scientists believe that pterosaurs diversified into more than 150 species of different shapes and sizes across the planet.
Dogs have very good noses. They can smell cancer . Italian scientists train dogs to smell prostate cancer. One dog is even faster than a team of doctors. He finds the cancer faster than them! The scientists do not want to use dogs in hospitals. They want to make an electronic tool . This tool would work like a dog’s nose.	Military dogs which used to protect soldiers now are trained for something else. Italian scientists are training them to sniff out prostate cancer in patients’ urine . Dogs’ noses are very powerful, as they have up to 300 million sensors compared to only six million in humans. One dog was even able to identify the disease in a patient before the medical team. However, you will not see dogs in hospitals any time soon. The team wants to develop an electronic tool which would work like the dog’s sense of smell.	Military dogs which used to protect soldiers are now being trained to sniff out prostate cancer in patients’ urine samples. The Italian researchers started the study after reading about dogs that were used to smell melanoma . Dogs’ noses are very powerful, as they have up to 300 million sensors compared to a measly six million in humans. One dog was even able to identify the disease in a patient before the medical team. As impressive as the canines’ performance is, you will not see dogs roaming hospital wards to diagnose patients any time soon. The team in Tuscany wants to develop an electronic tool to replicate the dog’s sense of smell.
The relationship between North Korea and the USA is not good. Trump and Kim Jong-un are trading insults . They do this though media. The whole world watches them. Sergey Lavrov is Russia’s Foreign Minister. He speaks for Russia. He says that the situation is bad. He says that Russia does not want war with North Korea. Towards the end of his speech, he compares Trump and Kim to two boys in kindergarten.	There are tensions between North Korea and the USA. Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un are trading insults through media in front of the whole world. Russia’s Foreign Minister, Sergey Lavrov, talks about the current situation. He says that it is bad to exchange threats and that Russia does not want war with North Korea. Towards the end of his speech, he compares Trump and Kim to two boys in kindergarten.	Russia’s Foreign Minister and most senior diplomat, Sergey Lavrov, expressed Russia’s stance on the current tensions between North Korea and the USA, comparing Trump and Kim to kindergarteners in his speech. He said that it is naturally quite bad to exchange threats, and he thinks that it is unacceptable to simply sit back and look at the nuclear military gambles of North Korea as well as to start a war on the Korean peninsula . He went on to say that Russia will continue to strive for the reasonable and not the emotional approach, instead of a kindergarten fight between children that no one can stop.
This news is from a Russian zoo. It is about a Siberian tiger and a goat. People give the tiger the goat. The goat is for the tiger’s food. However, the tiger does not eat the goat. The goat becomes the tiger’s friend. It follows the tiger everywhere. It even sleeps in the tiger’s house! The goat is brave . People name it Timur. Timur means “iron”. Why didn’t the tiger eat the goat? It is too lazy to hunt it!	People put a goat into the enclosure of a Siberian tiger at a Russian zoo. They intended the goat to be the tiger’s lunch, but it became the tiger’s friend instead! Because of its bravery , the zookeepers named the goat Timur which means “iron”. Timur follows the tiger around and even sleeps in its house. The zookeepers said that the tiger is quite lazy – so lazy that it didn’t hunt the goat. Let’s just hope that the tiger doesn’t get hungry!	A goat intended to be lunch for a tiger at a Russian safari park not only survived but amazingly became the big cat’s friend. They are now inseparable ; wherever Amur goes, so does Timur. Staff at the Russian safari park was stunned when the unlikely bond formed between Amur the tiger and the goat which they named Timur, meaning ‘iron’ because of his bravery. The Siberian tiger even had to sleep outside of his hut once, as the cheeky goat stole his new friend’s bed. Keepers said that the tiger was quite lazy by nature, so he has not gone to the trouble of hunting the goat. For the goat’s sake, let’s hope that Amur does not get hungry!
This news is from Berlin. Boxes with bananas come to a supermarket. The employees look in the boxes. They find bananas and cocaine. The employees contact the police. The police come and seize the boxes. The boxes have 380 kilograms of cocaine in them. The cocaine is worth 15 million euros.	Employees at a supermarket in Berlin found drugs in crates of bananas. They contacted the police which seized the crates. Around 380 kilograms of cocaine were hidden among the fruit. The drug was of very high quality and it was worth around 15 million euros. The find is similar to one in January 2014 when boxes with bananas had 140 kilograms of cocaine in them.	Berlin police have seized 380 kilograms of cocaine concealed in a shipment of bananas – the largest ever drug find in the German capital. Employees at a discount supermarket contacted police saying they had found what appeared to be drugs in some crates of bananas. Concealed beneath the fruit, drug investigation officers discovered around 12 green packets per crate, each containing a kilogram of cocaine. The drug-filled crates were found in 10 discount branches in the capital and could be traced back to one central fruit market. But police said that they had not yet ascertained where they had come from. “These 380 kilograms of cocaine you see behind me in these black packages are worth around 15 million euros. This cocaine has a purity of around 80% and is therefore of very high quality. It’d not be sold on the streets in this shape, rather it would be stretched .” The find echoes an instant in January 2014 when boxes filled with bananas and 140 kilograms of cocaine were delivered to five Berlin supermarkets in what police called a logistical error by drug smugglers.
A plane crashes in Pakistan. The accident happens near the Karachi airport. The pilot talks with the airport. The pilot says that he has problems with the plane’s engines . The engines do not work. The pilot tries to land at the airport. However, he is not successful. The plane crashes into nearby houses. The crash destroys five houses. Several people must go to hospital. 107 people are on board. Only two people survive the crash. They are in hospital. However, they can speak. They have burns on their bodies. Police finds the black box . Now, they must check it. They want to know why the plane crashes.	On Friday, a plane crashed near the Karachi airport in Pakistan. Some people said that they saw how the plane tried to land at the airport two or three times. However, it crashed into nearby houses. The crash destroyed five houses and damaged 15 others. Several people ended up in hospital. There were 107 people on board, and only two people survived the crash. They are in hospital because they were burned. However, their conditions are not serious, and they were able to say what happened on the plane before the crash. Before the crash, the pilot spoke with the air traffic controller , and he said that he had problems with both engines. Now, officials must find out why the plane did not land at the airport.	On Friday, a Pakistani international passenger plane crashed near the Pakistani city of Karachi. The airbus A320, that was carrying 99 passengers and eight crew members, crashed into a crowded residential area near the Karachi airport. Several residents had to be taken to hospital, five houses were destroyed, and 15 other houses were damaged. Witnesses say that the plane attempted to land at the airport two or three times. Seconds before the crash, the pilot told air traffic controllers that he had lost power from both engines. Two male passengers, who survived the crash, suffered burns; however, they are in stable condition . Friday´s crash is the worst since 2010 when a plane crashed near Islamabad, killing 152 people on board.
In Rio de Janeiro in Brazil, the Carnival is very famous. People organise it every year. It is very big. Millions of people come there. A week before the festival, it is not quiet in Rio. Thousands of people go to the streets. They wear costumes . Some costumes are traditional and others are modern. One man dresses as Wonder Woman. A group of people dress up as the Minions. The Olympic Games will be in Brazil. People are also happy about it.	The Carnival in Rio de Janeiro in Brazil is a world famous festival. People hold it every year and it is the biggest and most colourful carnival in the world. It always attracts millions of people. People say that it is quiet before the storm, but that is not true for the Carnival. A week before the carnival, thousands of people came to the streets of Rio. Some wore traditional costumes , but you could also see a man dressed as Wonder Woman, and people dressed as the Minions. One lady said that Brazilians are very happy because they are hosting the Olympic Games, and the Carnival helps get them into the spirit of celebrating.	Have you ever wondered what it looks like before the most famous and colourful carnival in the world? Well, it’s certainly not a case of calm before the storm! Thousands of people hit the streets of Rio de Janeiro for a traditional street parade a week ahead of the carnival. From guitar-playing Wonder Women, to Minions, to the more conventional  revellers . The crowds made their way towards what’s known locally as “Christ’s armpit”, a place overlooked by the iconic Christ the Redeemer statue. This lady said that Brazilians were very happy because they’re hosting the Olympic Games, and the carnival helps get them into the spirit of celebrating the event. The parade is a huge part of Brazilian culture and tradition and attracts millions of people each year. If this is just the warm-up, this year’s carnival is expected to be a scorcher .
This news is from Cairo. A policeman gets into an argument with a vendor . The argument is about the price of a cup of tea. The policeman shoots the vendor. The vendor dies. The policeman injures two more people. This is not the first incident like this. People are angry. They go into the streets.	A policeman got into an argument with a vendor over the price of a cup of tea. The policeman shot the vendor dead and injured two others. The incident happened in a Cairo suburb . The killing is the latest in a series of incidents in recent months. The Egyptian public is angry about police brutality. There was a riot after the latest incident.	A riot  erupts in a Cairo suburb after a man was shot and killed by a police officer amid an argument over the price of a cup of tea. This video footage, shot by a witness and obtained by the Reuters News Agency, shows how an angry crowd surrounded a police car after the incident on Tuesday. Inside is another officer, who had reportedly been accompanying the shooter when the row broke out in the eastern Cairo suburb of Rehab. On the ground, a blanket covers what is believed to be a body. The Interior Ministry said in a statement that a policeman got into an argument with a vendor over the price of a drink and shot him dead, injuring two others in the process. The killing is the latest in a series of incidents in recent months that have fuelled public anger in Egypt over alleged police brutality.
This news is from South Africa. Poaching is a problem there. People kill four rhinos every day there. There will be no more rhinos in 25 years. Some people help the rhinos. One of them is Prince Harry. He is in South Africa for 10 days. He helps the rhinos. He talks about this problem. He wants people to know about this problem.	In South Africa, rhino poaching is a growing problem. This year, people killed more than 1,500 rhinos. That is four every day. If this continues, there will be no more rhinos or even African elephants in 25 years. This is because people want the horns from the rhinos and the elephants. One of the people who is trying to help rhinos is Prince Harry. He worked with South Africa’s conservation experts this summer. Recently, he met with rangers at the Kruger National Park in South Africa. He wants to raise concerns over the illegal trade of rhino horns.	As Prince Harry visits a crime scene, he is visibly moved . The prince has been meeting rangers at the Kruger National Park in South Africa to raise concerns over the illegal trade of rhino horns. Last week, a rhino and her calf were killed here by poachers, taking their valuable horns. “Already this year, 1,500 rhinos have been killed in this country. That is four every day. If current poaching rates continue, there’ll be no wild African elephants or rhinos left by the time children born this year, like my niece Charlotte, turn 25.” The prince was with South Africa’s environmental crime team calling attention to an issue which is close to his heart. Rhino poaching is a growing problem in South Africa. The numbers killed has tripled since 2011. In the summer, the prince spent 10 days working with conservation experts here. Footage and pictures from his own phone have now been released. This photo is on Instagram and with it, Prince Harry’s description of how a young female black rhino called Hope was wounded by poachers in the eastern cape of South Africa. He said that certain poachers tranquillise the animal before hacking off the horns. After two operations. vets saved Hope’s life. The image shows the Prince’s hands-on approach, but with it, his sadness and frustration with the issue.
More than 20 young children die in a bus crash. It happens in northern India. The children are between the ages of three and twelve. They are travelling to school. The accident happens when a big car full of sand hits the school bus. It happens early in the morning. Twenty-four other children are injured in the accident, too. The police say that the drivers cannot see because there is too much fog . The state’s authorities close all schools in the area before this accident. They close all schools because the weather is so bad. They do not know why this school is open. They have to find out more information about it.	More than 20 young children died in a bus crash in northern India. The tragedy happened when a truck full of sand collided with the school bus in the early morning. At least twenty-four other children were injured in the collision . The police said that visibility was low due to dense fog. The children were between the ages of three and twelve and were travelling to school. The state’s education authorities had closed all schools in the area due to cold weather and authorities need to find out why this school stayed open.	More than 20 young children died in a bus crash in northern India. The tragedy occurred when a truck loaded with sand collided with the school bus in the early morning. At least two dozen other children were injured in the collision. The police said that visibility was low due to dense fog. The children, between the ages of three and twelve, were travelling to school. The state’s education authorities closed all schools in the district due to a severe cold wave and authorities need to investigate why this school had stayed open.
This news is about a panda. She is from Taiwan. She is one year old. She celebrates her birthday. Her celebration is traditional. People hang pieces of bamboo for her. The panda chooses a piece. Each piece represents a species at the zoo. The panda becomes a spokesperson for the species. She is also given a cake. People made the cake from her favourite foods. It has bamboo, apples, carrots and pineapples. The panda is very popular. A lot of people come to see her.	A panda from Taiwan celebrated her first birthday. She had a traditional birthday celebration of “ drawing lots ”. People hung eight bamboo tubes. There was a name on each tube. The panda chose her favourite one. Each tube represented an animal species . The panda will be used as a spokesperson for the species that she chose. She was also given a special birthday cake which was made from her favourite foods. They were bamboo, apples, carrots and pineapples. According to the zoo, the panda attracted more than 1.6 million visitors since she was born.	It was a birthday party with a difference in Taiwan, as Taipei Zoo celebrated the first birthday of Yuan Zai the giant panda. Visitors gathered early in the morning to see the year-old female, who had a traditional birthday celebration of “ drawing lots ” set up for her by zoo keepers. In the activity, eight bamboo tubes with different names on them were hung up in Yuan Zai’s enclosure so she could choose her favourite by pulling down the bamboo tubes. Each tube represented an endangered species at the zoo, and Yuan Zai was to be used as a spokesperson for whichever species she chose. She was also given a special birthday cake made from her favourite foods, including bamboo, apples, carrots and pineapples. While she didn’t share any of her cake with the visitors or press gather to celebrate her birthday, it was her party so she can do what she wanted. According to Taipei zoo, the panda cub has attracted more than 1.6 million visitors to the zoo since she was born.
This news is from the Philippines. Rodrigo Duterte wins the presidential election . He gets 15.6 million votes. The second best man gets 9.5 million votes. Duterte is born in 1945. His family has political links . He trains as a lawyer. He becomes a vice mayor of Davao. Later, he becomes the mayor. He reduces crime and corruption. People like him for this. Not everybody likes him, however. People criticise his comments.  One thing he says is bad things about the Pope.	Rodrigo Duterte won the presidential election in the Philippines. He received 15.6 million votes, far outweighing his nearest rival’s 9.5 million votes. Who is the man that took the nation by storm? He was born in 1945 to a family closely linked to local politics. He trained as a lawyer and became a vice mayor and then mayor of Davao. His supporters say that during his time in office, he reduced crime, corruption, and militancy . Critics, however, slammed some of his comments, including offensive remarks about the Pope and threats to kill thousands of criminals without trial.	Rodrigo Duterte has won the presidential election in the Philippines, winning a landslide victory. Seen here in a red checked shirt, he was swamped by media and supporters on election day and is yet to make his victory speech. He’s received 15.6 million votes, far outweighing his nearest rival’s 9.5 million. But who is the man that’s taken the nation by storm? Born in 1945 to a family closely linked to local politics, he trained as a lawyer before becoming a vice mayor and then mayor of Davao. His supporters say during his time in office, he’s reduced crime, corruption, and militancy. But critics have slammed some of the controversial comments he’s made, including offensive remarks about the Pope and threats to kill thousands of criminals without trial. “I’m sorry to the Filipino people. It’s my style, it’s my mouth. I said it in the heat of anger but listen to the story behind.” For many, it’s a time to rejoice while for others, reconciliation . “Rodrigo, I wish you success.” “I’d like to say that I’d like to reach my hand to my opponents. And let us begin the healing now.”
There is a new statue in a city in Russia. It is a statue of Lenin. People make it from cardboard . The statue is 2 metres tall. It is in the style of Minecraft. Minecraft is a popular video game. Local communists are outraged by the statue. They say that it is very disrespectful . They want the statue down. The creator of the statue is surprised by the reaction. He says that the statue is cardboard. It will be down before winter.	A new cardboard statue of Lenin is causing controversy in a city in Russia. The statue is 2 metres tall and the popular video game Minecraft inspired it. Local communists are outraged . They say that the statue is blasphemy and they want the statue destroyed. The creator of the Minecraft Lenin was not expecting a reaction like this. He did not know that politicians cared about art so much. Since the statue is made of cardboard, it will be down before winter.	In the Siberian city of Krasnoyarsk, a new 2-metre-tall cardboard statue of Lenin is causing controversy. The video game Minecraft inspired the statue. The portrayal of the most famous Bolshevik caused outrage from local communists, who have labelled the statue as blasphemy and have called for its destruction. Aleksander Zakirov, the creator of the Minecraft Lenin, said that the call for the destruction of the statue and his punishment was a shocking reaction, which he was not expecting. He would not have ever thought that politicians would care about an art object so much, adding that the statue is just a cardboard monument, not a real one, which will anyhow be dismantled before winter.
A Russian couple builds a pyramid. The pyramid is a copy of the biggest pyramid in the world. The biggest pyramid is in Giza, Egypt. The couple builds their pyramid in the garden. They study the pyramid in Egypt for two years. They want to know every detail . The copy must be correct and true. Their pyramid is 19 times smaller than the original pyramid. However, it is still very big. Its sizes are more than 42 feet long. Its tower is almost 30 feet high. Many people come to see the pyramid. They want to see how it looks. Some people like to do spiritual activities in the pyramid.	A Russian couple built a copy of the Great Pyramid in Giza, Egypt. They built the pyramid in the garden behind their summer home near St. Petersburg. Andrey and Viktoria Vakhrusheva used concrete  blocks to build a pyramid that is 19 times smaller that the original pyramid in Egypt. The pyramid is smaller; however, it is still very big. Its sizes are more than 42 feet long and its tower is 29.5 feet high. The couple studied the original pyramid very carefully, and it took them two years to plan the building. Currently, many people come to visit the pyramid. Some people take part in spiritual activities, and some people are only interested in the building itself.	A Russian couple built a replica of the Great Pyramid in Giza, Egypt in their garden. The structure is made from modern concrete blocks, and it is 19 times smaller than the original in Egypt. However, it is still impressive in size, with each size measuring more than 42 feet in length, and its tower reaching 29.5 feet above the ground. The couple spent two years studying the design, and in June 2019, they began construction behind their summer residence. The pyramid is located in a small village approximately 7 miles outside St. Petersburg. People come to visit the structure, both for spiritual practices and out of curiosity .
Dollar Tree is a discount store. It sells things at around $1.00. It also sells medicines and drugs. A US government organization is not happy with Dollar Tree. The organization says that some of Dollar Tree’s drugs can be unsafe. It says that the drug makers do not follow safety laws . The organization says that Dollar Tree recently gets impure drugs. These drugs can be dangerous. However, Dollar Tree says that it wants to keep its customers safe. It says that it tests its products. The organization says that Dollar Tree needs to make changes. It needs new plans to know if its products are safe.	Dollar Tree is a discount store that sells products at around $1.00. This includes things like medicines and drugs. A US government organization said that some of these drugs’ manufacturers did not follow safety laws to make these drugs. The organization said that Dollar Tree recently received impure drugs from foreign manufacturers, and the drugs can be dangerous. The organization also said that Dollar Tree is selling drugs from manufacturers that have safety record problems. Dollar Tree said that it wants to keep its customers safe, and it tests its products. The organization said that Dollar Tree needs a new plan to check for safety.	Dollar Tree is a discount store that sells products at around $1.00, including medicines and drugs. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) said that some of these over-the-counter drugs were not made according to safety laws. The FDA said that it found that Dollar Tree recently received “ adulterated drugs” from foreign product makers, and the drugs may be unsafe. These are drugs with the name “Assured Brand.” The FDA said that Dollar Tree is selling drugs from product makers that have safety violations against them. These are for reasons such as they did not test their raw products or their finished drugs. Dollar Tree responded that it wants to keep its customers safe, and it does test products that come from other places. The FDA told Dollar Tree that it needs to start a new system to ensure safety.
This news is from Iran. Akbar Rafsanjani is the Iranian President. He is the president from 1989 to 1997. This week, he dies. He has a heart attack . He is 82 years old. There is a funeral . It happens at Tehran University. Many people come to the funeral. Iran goes into mourning . The mourning is three days long.	Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani was the President of Iran from 1989 to 1997. This week, he suffered a heart attack. He died at the age of 82. The funeral hapepned at Tehran University. Tens of thousands of people came to the funeral. Iran went into three days of official mourning .	Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, the former Iranian president, suffered a heart attack and died at the age of 82. Tens of thousands gathered at Tehran University to attend the funeral and mourn the man, who was their president from 1989 to 1997. Iran has undergone three days of official mourning. Rafsanjani was buried next to Iranian revolutionary leader Ayatollah Khomeini.
Dracula wants to know which of his bats is the best. They have to show him how much blood they can drink. The bat which drinks more blood than others is the winner. The first bat goes and comes back after 10 minutes. Its mouth is full of blood. Dracula says, “Nice, how did you do it?” The bat says, “Do you see that tower? Behind it there is a house. I went inside and drank the blood of all the family.” Dracula says, “Very good”. The second bat goes and comes back after 5 minutes. There is blood on all his face. Dracula is shocked, “How did you do that?” The bat says, “Do you see that tower? Behind it there is a hotel. I went inside and drank the blood of all the guests.” Dracula says, “Fantastic”. Now the third bat goes and comes back after 1 minute. There is blood on all his body. Dracula doesn’t believe his eyes, “How did you do that?” The bat says, “Do you see that tower?” Dracula says, “Yes”. And the bat says, “I didn’t see it”.  www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.	Dracula wants to know which bat is the best. They must show him how much blood they can drink. The bat which drinks a lot of blood is the best. The first bat goes and comes back after 10 minutes. Its mouth is full of blood. Dracula says, “Nice, how did you do it?” The bat says, “Do you see that tower? There is a house under the tower. I went inside and I drank the blood of all the family.” Dracula says, “Very good”. The second bat goes and comes after 5 minutes. There is blood on all his face. Dracula says, “How did you do it?” The bat says, “Do you see that tower? There is a hotel under the tower. I went inside and drank the blood of all the people there.” Dracula says, “Fantastic”. Now the third bat goes and comes back after 1 minute. There is blood on all his body. Dracula doesn’t believe his eyes, “How did you do it?” The bat says, “Do you see that tower?” Dracula says, “Yes”. And the bat says, “I didn’t see it”.  www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.	Dracula decides to have a competition to see which of his bats is the best. So, all the bats take part in this competition. The rules are simple. The bat which sucks more blood than the others is the winner. The first bat goes and comes back after 10 minutes. Its mouth is full of blood. Dracula says, “Congratulations, how did you do it?” The bat says, “Do you see that tower? Behind it there is a house. I went in and sucked the blood of all the family.” Dracula says, “Very good”. The second bat goes and comes back after 5 minutes. Its face is covered in blood. Dracula is shocked, “How did you do that?” The bat replies, “Do you see that tower? Behind it there is a hotel. I went in and sucked the blood of all the guests.” Dracula says, “Fantastic”. Now, the third bat goes and comes after just 1 minute. All of its body is covered in blood. Dracula doesn’t believe his eyes, “How did you do that?” The bat replies, “Do you see that tower?” Dracula replies, “Yes”. And the bat says, “Well, I didn’t”.  www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.
This happens in Colombia. A soldier activates a grenade launcher . He does this by accident. A grenade flies outside the grenade launcher. It hits a man. It hits him in the face. It gets  stuck inside. It does not explode. The man goes to hospital. The hospital is in Bogota. He cannot fly in a helicopter. That is dangerous. The grenade can explode. He travels in an ambulance. It takes eight hours. Doctors cannot operate on him inside the hospital. The grenade can still explode. They operate on him outside. The operation is successful . The soldier is fine.	An incident occurred in Colombia. A soldier accidentally activated a grenade launcher and threw a 40-millimetre grenade into another soldier’s face. The grenade was stuck inside the soldier’s face. A helicopter could not move the soldier because the grenade could explode, so an ambulance transferred him in an eight-hour ride to Bogota. Doctors operated on him outside of hospital for safety, too. The unusual operation was a success and the soldier is going to be fine.	A soldier is lucky to be alive after a 40-millimetre grenade accidentally fired from a grenade launcher and embedded itself in his face. The terrible accident happened in Colombia and surgeons had to be especially careful with the operation. The soldier could not be moved to hospital by helicopter due to the risk of the explosive detonating , so an ambulance transferred him in an eight-hour ride to Bogota. The team of doctors had to improvise and operate outside the hospital to minimise impact on the building in case the grenade exploded. Luckily, the operation was a success and the soldier could reintegrate into his military unit and his family to make a full recovery.
This news is from the Sentinelese island. It is between India and Myanmar. It is isolated . The people there are the Sentinelese. They are isolated.  This makes them afraid of outsiders. They are aggressive . Also, they are not used to our sicknesses. An outsider can make them sick easily. This is why people cannot simply visit this island. India controls this. However, an American tourist goes there. The Sentinelese kill him.	An American tourist died on an island between India and Myanmar. The Sentinelese tribes people who live there are known to be hostile to outsiders. India controls the territory of the island. An Indian anthropology professor talked about the tribe: they shoot arrows, and they throw spears if somebody gets too close. Common sicknesses can make them sick or kill them, so people cannot visit this island easily.	Sentinelese tribes people killed American tourist John Allen Chau after he visited them. They live on the isolated Sentinel Island in the Bay of Bengal between India and Myanmar. India controls the territory and an Indian anthropology professor said that the tourist would have known if he had talked to other people that this tribe was aggressive. They shoot arrows and throw spears and getting too close to them is dangerous. The tribe is hostile to outsiders and is not immune to common infections like the flu , which is why Indian law restricts access to the island.
China and Australia do not have a good relationship right now. The problems start in 2018. Australia does not want the Chinese company Huawei to work on the 5G  network . Australia says that Huawei´s technology is not safe for the country. China gets angry. Australia wants to find out where the coronavirus comes from. It makes China angry again. Huawei gives money to Australian rugby. But now, the company wants to stop. China wants to make Australia sign a deal about 5G. China stops business of some Australian products. These products are, for example, meat and wine. But it does not seem to work. The trade war between China and Australia continues.	In 2018, Australia decided that the Chinese company Huawei would not provide equipment for the 5G network. Australia said that the reason was national security . This year, Australia said that it was necessary to investigate where the coronavirus came from. This made China very angry. Last month, Huawei announced that it would not give money to an Australian rugby team. Also, China stopped the imports of some Australian products, for example, meat and wine. China is trying to push Australia to make the 5G deal. But there is one thing that China is careful about. The country must not stop supplies of iron because Chinese industry depends on it.	In 2018, Australia banned the Chinese company Huawei from supplying equipment for the 5G mobile network. Australia said that the reason had been national security risks, which was criticized by Huawei as being politically motivated . China continues to put pressure on Australia because of Australia´s refusal to install Huawei´s 5G network. Last month, Huawei said that it would end its sponsorship of an Australian rugby league club, and relations between Australia and China have tightened this year after Australia called for independent international investigation into the source of the coronavirus pandemic. China was angered by the move and the country blocked imports of several Australian products, for example beef, wine, barley , and lobster. However, China is careful not to disrupt supplies of iron ore which the country desperately needs for its steel industry.
Three men are in prison. This prison is in China. They want to escape . One of them kills a guard . The other two help him. The three men take police uniforms. They walk out of the prison. Police found two of the men. One is still free.	Three inmates escaped from a detention centre in China. A camera captured a shocking moment. It showed how one of the men killed a guard. The other two assisted him. The three men then walked out of the centre. They wore police uniforms. Police captured two of them, but the third one is still free.	This shocking CCTV footage captures the moment three fugitives break out of a detention centre after reportedly killing a guard in China. The three men, identified as Wang Damin, Gao Yulun and Li Haiwei, walked out wearing police uniforms at around 4:40 a.m. on Tuesday. The footage appears to show one of the inmates  strangling the guard with his arm, as the other two inmates assist him. The trio then walked out of the detention centre one by one. Two of the three escapees have since been captured, but Yulun is still at large . The three fugitives, one of whom had been sentenced to death, were unarmed at the time of the breakout. The other two are waiting to be convicted on charges of intentional injury and homicide .
The Tiber is a river in Rome. A man walks across it. He walks on a tightrope . He is a tightrope artist. The tightrope is 135 metres long. It is 20 metres above the river. The man sets a new Italian record. His tightrope walk is the longest and highest. He says that this walk was difficult. There was wind and rain. There were many lights too.	An Italian tightrope artist crossed the Tiber river in Rome. He became the first person to do this. He went across a 135-metre-long wire which was 20 metres above the water. The artist now holds the record in Italy for the longest and highest tightrope walk. He said that the walk was difficult because of the wind, rain, and many light reflections on the water. He had to focus on one spot and keep moving.	An Italian tightrope artist became the first person to high-wire across the Tiber river in Rome, travelling 135 metres over a 20-metre drop. Andrea Loreni, the artist, holds the record in Italy for the longest and highest tightrope walk. The artist said that it was difficult because of external factors like the wind, the rain and the LED light reflections on the water – there was so much input that it risked creating confusion. He coped by choosing one spot and focusing on it. Nervous onlookers let out a sigh of relief when Loreni made it through the wind and rain to the other end.
The swine flu is a disease . Around 13,000 people in India have this disease. Seven hundred and seventy-four people are dead. The Indian government tries to help its people. The government gives hospitals medical supplies . There is also a campaign on TV and on the radio. It tells people what to do.	There was an outbreak of swine flu in December in India. The government there is trying to control the epidemic, but 774 people died and almost 13,000 people are sick. This outbreak is not the first one. There was an outbreak just five years ago in India – the disease killed 2,700 people. Now, the Indian government has made sure that hospitals have everything that they need. A campaign on TV and radio is also helping – it tells people what to do to stay healthy.	A swine flu  outbreak in India has killed 774 people, as the government struggles to control the epidemic . According to the health authorities, the number of cases has increased to 12,963 since the flu broke out in December, with the Indian capital New Delhi reporting nine deaths. The outbreak of the N1H1 virus has been the worst in five years, with the states of Gujarat and Rajasthan being the worst affected . Following criticism the government received for its failure in the distribution of medicine, health authorities have made efforts to ensure public hospitals across the country have adequate medical supplies and could provide free medical service for all patients. Health authorities have also launched a campaign over television and radio to tell people about precautions they should take to avoid the deadly flu which claimed 2,700 lives in an outbreak just five years ago.
Lake Baikal is in Siberia in Russia. It is the deepest lake in the world. Every year, there is a race . People race across the lake. The route is 205 kilometres long. It is very difficult. It is –20°C. You must travel 80 kilometres a day or more. Only 2/3 of people finish the course . People can ski, skate, or ride a bike.	Lake Baikal is located in Siberia in Russia and it is the deepest lake in the world. Every year, there is a three-day race across it, which attracts people from all over the world. Participants use skis, ice skates or bikes. The route is 205 kilometres long, and the organiser said that people should travel at least 80 kilometres a day. Temperatures dropped to –20°C and only two thirds of the competitors finished the course . Locals won the bike and ice skating races.	Russia’s Lake Baikal, the world’s deepest lake in Siberia, is home to the annual three-day ice-on race which attracts competitors from all over the world. Participants used skis, ice skates and bikes to make it to the other side of one of the oldest lakes in the world. With the route being 205 kilometres long, the organiser said that those competing should be able to cover at least 80 kilometres a day. Temperatures dropped to as low as –20°C, and only two thirds of the entrants managed to finish the gruelling course. Locals won the bike and ice skating races.
Anorexia is a disease . A person with anorexia does not eat. A person with anorexia is too thin. There are 40,000 people with anorexia in France. Ninety per cent of them are women. Anorexia is a problem. The French government wants to change this situation. The government makes a new law . This law is about fashion models. They must not be too thin. They must see a doctor. The doctor says if the fashion model is OK. There are websites about anorexia on the Internet. Some websites like anorexia. They say that it is OK. These websites are called “Pro-ana”. The French government wants to stop Pro-ana websites.	Around 40,000 people in France suffer from anorexia which is a disease which makes people stop eating. Nine out of ten of them are women. The French government is trying to fight anorexia – the French Parliament passed a bill . It says in the bill, that a fashion model must see a doctor who says if the model is too thin or healthy. If a modelling agency hires an unhealthy model, the government can fine it up to 75,000 euros. There are websites on the Internet that write about anorexia and tell people that it is OK. These websites are called “Pro-ana” websites. The French government wants to stop these websites.	France’s lower house of parliament has passed a measure banning excessively thin fashion models and exposing the modelling agencies and fashion houses that hire them to possible fines and even jail. The controversial bill was widely debated in the world’s fashion capital with those against it, including the National Union of Modelling Agencies, arguing it would give foreign models an advantage in the industry. Socialist MP Olivier Véran, who spearheaded the bil,l said new measures would require models to undergo a full medical assessment proving they’re not undernourished before being hired. “In the bill, I suggest that from now on, a model has to go through a medical visit before she’s hired which would evaluate the Body Mass Index, and this index is used by the World Health Organisation to determine if someone is undernourished or even in a state of famine . I also suggest that the medical certificate for workability cannot be delivered to people who are undernourished and who therefore are putting their life and health in danger.” Agencies found to employ models considered too thin could face a fine of up to 75,000 euros (that’s 55,000 pounds) and six months in prison. The measure is part of a wider crackdown on anorexia backed by President Francois Hollande’s government. A similar amendment aimed at so-called Pro-ana websites has also been approved under which people found guilty of inciting others too extreme thinness could face a year in prison and a ten-thousand-euro fine. According to the health ministry, an estimated 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in France. Nine out of ten of them women.
Last week, a student shoots other students. This is at a high school in California, USA. The school has a safety plan . It is possible that the safety plan helps people right away. The school writes the safety plan in 2018. The school works with the police in 2019. People at the school learn what to do before bad things happen. They practice lockdown drills . They learn how to stop blood loss . The safety plan also asks for professionals to help. The professionals help people with their thoughts after bad events. Professionals are working with the school now.	Last week, a student shot other students at a high school in California, USA, and the school had a detailed safety plan. The plan may have helped the victims immediately. The school created the 245-page safety plan in 2018. It extended a safety contract with the police in 2019. People at the school were also trained in lockdown drills and how to stop blood loss. Additionally, the safety plan required mental health counselors . Counselors are currently working with the school.	Last week, a school shooting happened at Saugus High School in California, USA, and the school had a detailed safety plan which may have helped the victims immediately. The school developed the 245-page safety plan in 2018, and the school extended a safety contract with the police in 2019. People at the school were also trained in lockdown drills and the use of Stop the Bleed kits . Stop the Bleed is a national initiative to train ordinary people to help with bleeding emergencies before professionals arrive. The safety plan also covered mental health counselors. Counselors are currently working with the school.
Here is some news from Spain. The famous bull run  takes place in a town. Bulls chase people in the streets. People from Spain are not alone at this festival. People from other countries come, too. However, all is not well. A bull hits two people. One man is American. The other man is from Great Britain. The man from Britain is in hospital. His condition is serious . Bulls are not the only danger. You must watch out for the people, too. You must step and jump over them.	The famous bull run took place in a Spanish town. Bulls chased hundreds of runners in the narrow streets. Locals, as well as visitors from around the world, attend this festival. However, all wasn’t well. A bull gored one American man and one British man. The Briton is in hospital. His condition is critical . The bulls aren’t the only danger. You have to watch out for them and the other people. You must step and jump over them.	The world famous bull run in Pamplona entered its third day today. The event sees hundreds of runners being chased by a pack of around a dozen bulls through the tight, winding streets of Pamplona, but all wasn’t well today as two men were gored . One, an American, and the second a British man, who remains critical in hospital. Despite the injuries, the festival continues, attended by the usual mix of locals and thrill seekers from around the world. “I got out on the street and then we just started running, and then I looked behind me and there were a couple more bulls so we just ran all the way into the plaza. It was a rush .” Whilst bull runs like this occur in many countries around the world, the bulls aren’t the only danger. “You have to watch out for the bulls, but the people, too. You got to step over them and jump over them. It was awesome though. Definitely one of the coolest things I’ve ever done.”
Indonesia is the 5th biggest producer of tobacco. Children younger than 15 must not work in Indonesia. It is illegal. However, around 1.5 children work in agriculture . Thousands work on tobacco plantations . Many have “green tobacco sickness”. They get weak . They get headaches. They cannot go to school. They help their families make money. They make only one dollar a day. Human rights groups are trying to change this. They talk to big Indonesian tobacco companies.	Indonesia is the 5th biggest producer of tobacco. Hiring children under 15 years of age in Indonesia is illegal but around 1.5 million children work in Indonesia’s agriculture . Thousands of them work on rubber, palm oil, and tobacco plantations . Many of them suffer from “green tobacco sickness” – they get headaches, get dizzy and sick. They skip school to help their families make money, but they make only one dollar a day. Human rights groups are trying to change things. They ask the biggest companies in Indonesia to educate the families about the dangers.	People estimate that more than 1.5 million children in Indonesia work in the agricultural sector – mainly in tobacco, rubber and palm oil plantations. Those who work on tobacco farms plant it, apply pesticides , harvest , bundle and dry the leaves,  and do all of this mostly with bare hands. The working conditions are hazardous and the children suffer from ‘green tobacco sickness’ – an acute nicotine poisoning. Some of the symptoms they commonly experience are nausea , headaches and dizzy spells . In Indonesia, hiring children under 15 years of age is illegal, but traders or companies do not directly hire the children. They skip school or drop out altogether in order to help their families make a living. One day’s work earns them an equivalent of a dollar a day. The firms who buy the tobacco never question the process behind the production, which is what groups like Human Rights Watch are trying to change. They reached out to some of the biggest companies operating in Indonesia, asking them to educate the families about the dangers of this work. Indonesia is one of a few countries that have not signed the World Health Organization’s Framework Convention on Tobacco Control – a global public health treaty aimed at protecting the population from the consequences of tobacco consumption and exposure to tobacco smoke.
Heavy rains are causing floods in Kerala, India. They kill more than 29 people. They destroy homes. Over 15,000 people must live in camps. The situation looks bad. More heavy rain is coming.	Monsoon rains caused major floods in Kerala, India and left more than 29 people dead. The floods destroyed homes, and over 15,000 people are left in relief camps . More heavy rain is coming, so the situation is not looking good.	As monsoon rains caused major floods and are wreaking havoc , more than 29 people have died in Kerala, India. The rain destroyed homes, leaving over 15,000 people in relief camps. People described the situation as ‘very grim’, as more heavy rain is on the way. Difficult words wreak havoc (cause a lot of damage). You can watch the video news lower on this page.
A company called PG&E gives gas and electricity to people in California. In 2017 and 2018 this company accidentally makes big wildfires in California. It is a big problem for local people and for PG&E, too. PG&E loses a lot of money. Now, over 170,000 people want some money back. This is very difficult. They have very little time. They must ask before next Monday. Lawyers want to help them. They want more time. Lawyers say that some people do not understand the situation. They do not know what to do. Some people do not think that they can get some money back.	A company called PG&E gives gas and electricity to people in California. In 2017 and 2018, its equipment accidentally makes wildfires start. It is a big disaster for people in California. PG&E have money problems after the fires. Thousands of people want some money as compensation . About 100,000 people can get some money, but about 70,000 people must still officially ask for compensation. The problem is that they have to do this before next Monday. Lawyers want to postpone the date. Lawyers also say that many people do not understand the process. Some people do not believe that they can get some money.	In 2017 and 2018, terrible wildfires hit California. The company PG&E provides gas and electricity to an area in California, and it has had financial troubles since the fires. Many victims of the fires claimed damage accidentally caused by PG&E equipment. About 100,000 victims are eligible for money, but about 70,000 victims still have not filed for the money. They have little time to do this because the deadline is next Monday. Lawyers say that some victims did not understand the process or they thought they needed an attorney . Some people believed that they could not file a claim because they already got insurance money.
Sri Lanka is famous for its precious stones. A man finds a blue sapphire there. It is 1404.49 carats heavy. It can sell for up to 175 million dollars at auction. A Sri Lankan businessman now owns the sapphire. The sapphire has a name. People call it the “Sapphire the Star of Adam”. It is named after a Muslim belief .	Sri Lanka is famous for its precious stones, and a person recently discovered the world’s largest blue star sapphire there. The sapphire weighs 1404.49 carats, and it could sell for up to 175 million dollars at auction. The owner is a Sri Lankan businessman. The sapphire’s name is Sapphire the Star of Adam after a Muslim belief that God sent Adam  from the Garden of Eden and he arrived in Sri Lanka. His tears turned into precious stones.	Sri Lanka is famous for its precious stones, and the biggest blue star sapphire yet has been found recently. It weighs an incredible 1404.49 carats (281 grams) and the current owner, who remained anonymous for safety reasons, claims that it could sell for up to 175 million dollars at auction. The gem’s name is Sapphire the Star of Adam, after a Muslim belief that Adam came from the Garden of Eden and arrived in Sri Lanka, where the tears that he shed while seeking God’s forgiveness turned into gems.
Police stop cars on a busy road in Moscow, Russia. The police want to help ducks. The ducks try to cross the road. There are two ducks and 12 ducklings . Other people help the police. They guide the ducks across the road. Drivers must wait. The ducks get to the other side of the road. They walk to a park. Ducks and swans live in ponds and lakes. People like to feed the ducks with bread. However, bread is not good for ducks. Ducks and swans want food from people. Due to this, ducks and swans cannot find food themselves. It is a problem. Many people must stay at home because of the coronavirus. Ducks and swans are very hungry.	A police car stopped traffic on a busy street in Moscow, Russia. A family of ducks wanted to cross the street, and the police helped them. People who were walking past assisted the police. They guided the couple and their 12 ducklings to the other side of the road. The ducks walked safely to a nearby park. Wildlife such as ducks and swans live in ponds and lakes of big cities. People often feed them, and due to this, many ducks and swans cannot find any food themselves. They need people to get food; however, many people must stay at home now. Ducks and swans are starving , and some of them could die.	A Russian police car helped a family of ducks cross a busy street in Moscow. Passersby also assisted in stopping the traffic and guiding the couple and their 12 ducklings to safety. All drivers waited patiently for the ducks to waddle across the street. The ducks made it to the other side of the road and then to their destination, a nearby park. Wildlife such as ducks and swans live in ponds and lakes, and they usually rely on feeding by the public. Currently, they are being left to go hungry because of the coronavirus lockdown, and some of them are at risk of starvation .
A famous British royal couple is Kate and William. They have two children. Kate has them at St Mary’s Hospital in London. Many reporters cover the news. Now, they have some more news. Kate is pregnant again. William and she will have three children. They do not tell people the due date .	Kate and William, the famous British royal couple, are expecting their third child. They have not yet announced the due date . Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, gave two births at St Mary’s Hospital in London. Many reporters were there covering the news. We can expect worldwide coverage of her third birth, too.	Kate and William, the famous British royal couple, announced that they are expecting their third child. In accordance with royal protocol, they have not yet announced the due date . Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, experienced two straightforward deliveries at a private delivery suite at St Mary’s Hospital. Scores of media outlets at the hospital’s wing , as well as world media coverage, can be expected during her next birth.
North Korea has some news. It says that it tests a small hydrogen bomb . The bomb is its fourth test of a nuclear bomb. North Korea continues its nuclear programme. It wants to protect itself against the USA. North Korea says that it is a responsible nuclear state. Leaders of other countries are not happy about the bomb. The Japanese Prime Minister is one leader who talks about the bomb.	North Korea says that it successfully tested a miniaturised hydrogen bomb . If true, this would be the fourth nuclear test by the isolated country. North Korea says that it will continue its nuclear programme to protect itself against the USA. It also said that it will be a responsible nuclear state – it will not give a nuclear bomb to other parties . Leaders across the world responded to this news. The Japanese Prime Minister said that Japan could not tolerate North Korea’s nuclear testing.	North Korea says it has successfully conducted a test of a miniaturised hydrogen bomb. The announcement on North Korean state TV followed the detection of a 5.1 magnitude earthquake near its known nuclear site. The channel released these photographs of leader Kim Jong Un signing the order approving the trial. If true, this would be the fourth nuclear test by the isolated country, which is under US and UN sanctions for its nuclear and missiles programmes. The US Geological Survey said the recording was bigger than the three previous bombs the country tested in 2013, 2009 and 2006. North Korea said it would continue to strengthen its nuclear programme in order to protect itself against the hostile  policies of the US. It also said it would act as a responsible nuclear state, vowing not to use its nuclear weapons unless its sovereignty was infringed or transfer its nuclear capabilities to other parties . While it could not confirm the claims, the White House stated that the US would continue to “protect and defend” its allies in the region and “respond appropriately to any and all of North Korean provocations .” Leaders across the world have also responded to the news. The Japanese Prime Minister said the nation could not tolerate North Korea’s nuclear testing, branding it a threat to Japan’s security. The British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond tweeted a response, saying the test would be a “ grave  breach of UN Security Council resolutions “.
Many buildings all over the world are without lights. It is only for one hour. People celebrate Earth Hour. Earth Hour is for our Earth. It shows that there is climate change. It is the 10th anniversary of Earth Hour. The celebration is big. 170 countries celebrate it.	People switched off the lights on many buildings all over the world. They celebrated Earth Hour. It was part of a campaign to bring attention to climate change. It was the 10 th  anniversary of Earth Hour, so people celebrated it with a big show. 170 countries and territories took part in the campaign.	Lights on many landmarks all over the world were switched off to celebrate Earth Hour. It was part of a campaign, and the aim was to bring attention to climate change. The 10 th anniversary of Earth Hour was celebrated with spectacular  displays . 170 countries and territories took part by switching off most of the lights on their landmarks.
The European Parliament passes a new law. It is about copyright reforms . It makes big changes for technology companies. The law says that Internet sites need to pay to show another organisation’s work. This means that a news site has to pay to show news from another news organisation. The law also says that Internet companies need to watch their users . If their users break the law , the companies get in trouble. Critics do not like this. They say that this can stop creativity on the Internet. They say that people cannot say what they think after this.	The European Parliament passed a law for copyright reforms . There are some big changes for technology companies. One part of the law says that Internet sites need to pay other organisations to show their work or writings. This means that a news site needs to pay another news organisation to show its stories on its site. Another part of the law makes companies responsible for their users’ actions. If their users make copyright infringements , the companies get in trouble. Critics say that doing this is difficult for technology companies, and they worry that this will stop online creativity and free speech.	The European Parliament gave the green light to copyright reforms with big changes for technology companies. The ‘copyright bill’ is one law that the parliament passed. One part of the law says that Internet sites will have to pay publishers to show their work. This means that a site like Google News would pay news organisations for their stories on its site. Another part of the law makes companies like Facebook or Google responsible if their users make any copyright infringements . Critics say that it will be very difficult and expensive for even powerful technology companies to manage these changes. They worry that this law will stop online creativity or not allow people to say what they think.
This happens in Japan. A volcano erupts there. People find twelve dead people. There are probably 36 people dead altogether. Sixty-nine people are injured. One man is hiking when the volcano erupts. He can see a big cloud of smoke. He films this. It happens at 11:45. He and others run away. They find a safe place and they are fine.	The Japanese volcano Mount Ontake erupted last Saturday. People found twelve dead bodies, and 36 more people are probably dead. At least 69 people were injured, 30 of them seriously. A group of people were hiking on the mountain when it erupted. They noticed a huge cloud of ash above them at 11:45 local time. They ran away from it, and they found a little house. They hid there and later made it down safely.	This footage filmed by a Japanese hiker shows the eruption of Mount Ontake on Saturday. The hiker can be seen moving down the volcano in an attempt to outrun the huge  plume of volcanic ash. Terutoshi Kuroda said he was on the Outaki trail close to the summit at 2,800 metres above sea level, when, at about at 11:45 local time, he and his fellow hikers noticed a massive billowing ash cloud above them. His footage has captured people trying and failing to outrun a massive dark cloud before they were forced to cover their mouths and take shelter , as ash and rocks rained upon them. Kuroda says he and his companions made it safely to a lodge and off the mountain. Twelve bodies have been recovered from the peak but at least 36 are feared to have died. At least 69 people have been injured, 30 of them seriously.
In 1934, a Danish man makes Lego bricks . He names them ‘Lego’ after two Danish words. The words mean ‘play well’. In 1958, people patent Lego bricks. Now the company is 60 years old. Now it says that you can play with one of its bricks in 915,103,765 ways! The company also works with film businesses. It wants to keep the toy interesting. In addition, Lego has theme parks . The parks are around the world. They show famous places made out of the toys.	Lego is celebrating its 60 th anniversary. In 1934, its creator named ‘Lego’ after two Danish words which mean ‘play well’. In 1958, the Lego brick as we know it became patented . The company says that now you can play with the dotted brick in 915,103,765 ways! The company also works with film companies to keep the toy interesting for changing times. In addition, there are theme parks around the world of famous places made out of Lego.	Lego, the famous building block, is celebrating its 60 th anniversary. In 1934, Ole Kirk Kristiansen named ‘Lego’ after two Danish words, ‘Leg Godt’, that mean ‘play well’. In 1958, the Lego brick as we recognise it today became patented . The company says that now there are 915,103,765 ways to work with the two-dot-by-four-dot brick ! The company often works with film franchises to update the toy for different times. It also has theme parks around the world of famous places made out of Lego.
People find an old movie in Norway. It is from 1927. It is a Walt Disney movie. It is animated. It is about Christmas. It is 5 minutes and 30 seconds long. The movie is called the “ Empty Socks.” Oswald the Lucky Rabbit stars in it. Oswald is an old character . Mickey Mouse is newer than he is. People make a copy of the movie. They send the copy to America.	People found a film in 2008 during a review of old films in northern Norway. Later, they identified it as a missing Walt Disney movie from 1927. The animated Christmas movie is called the “Empty Socks,” and it is stars Oswald the Lucky Rabbit, who was the forerunner to Mickey Mouse. The historic film is 5 minutes and 30 seconds long. Now the film is digitally restored. People sent the copies to the Walt Disney Company in America. The original copy will stay in the archives.	The long-lost Walt Disney Christmas film Empty Socks from 1927 has been found and restored in Norway. The film was found in 2008 during a review of nitrate film in northern Norway, but it was only identified as the missing film earlier this year. An American animation historian recognised the story as “Empty Socks,” starring Oswald the Lucky Rabbit, a forerunner to Mickey Mouse and the movie had been considered lost. The Oswald the Lucky Rabbit character was created by Disney and his chief animator in 1927. They produced a series of 26 films with the character before Mickey Mouse was created in 1928. The film has now been digitally restored with copies sent to the Walt Disney Company in America, while the original remains in the National Library Archives. The historic film which lasts for five minutes and 30 seconds, with around one minute missing in the middle, will be shown at the National Library in Norway on the 17th of December.
People set another world record. Around 25,000 people meet in a Chinese city. They line dance . There are 8,000 more people than at the second largest line dance. In Shanghai, a lot of people eat breakfast in bed. They try to set a new record, too. In London, many people dress up as penguins .	China broke another Guinness World Record. Twenty-five thousand, seven hundred and three people line danced. 17,000 people in Atlanta set the previous world record in 2007. Elsewhere in Shanghai, people tried to smash the title for the most people to eat breakfast in bed. In London, there was the largest meeting of people who dressed as penguins. And in France, dancers broke the record for the largest number of can-can kicks in 30 seconds.	Twenty-five thousand, seven hundred and three people have set a new line dance Guinness World Record in China. The participants were split into 17 different places in Hangzhou City before the challenge began. And it was a triumph – they successfully smashed the Guinness World Record for the world’s largest line dance, overtaking the last world record of 17,000 participants in Atlanta, Georgia in 2007. Elsewhere in Shanghai, people tried to smash the title for the most people eating breakfast in bed. In London, there was the largest gathering of people dressed as penguins and in France, dancers broke the record for the largest number of can-can kicks in 30 seconds.
This news is from China. It is about a baby elephant. It falls into a pit . People see the animal. It tries to get out but it cannot. People call the police. The police come and help the elephant. They move some earth at one side of the pit. This makes the pit lower at this side. It is easier for the elephant to get out now. After an hour, the elephant gets free. It runs into the forest.	A baby elephant fell into a water storage pit because the ground around the pit was slippery . Local Chinese people noticed the animal. It tried to get out, but it just couldn’t. They called the police to help the animal. The police removed some earth at one side of the pit, so the elephant could get out more easily. After about an hour, the little elephant finally got free. It ran back into the nearby forest.	A baby elephant has been rescued after it fell into an empty water storage pit after wandering into a village in China. The adorable little calf was spotted by local residents in southwest China’s Yunnan Province. They reckoned he fell in and was unable to escape the two-metre-deep pit. While the baby elephant kept trying to get out, he just couldn’t, so the police were called in to give him a hand . They shoved some earth into one side of the pit, making it easier for the elephant to climb out. “Looking at the traces at the scene, it probably fell into it yesterday. Because it rained yesterday, the ground around the pit was slippery.” After about an hour, the little calf finally got free and ran back into the nearby forest.
The circus starts to entertain families in the 1800s. People call it “ the Greatest Show on Earth ” because it so exciting. Now the circus is going to end forever in May. This is because of high costs and the popularity is falling. People do not want to come anymore. Animal rights groups tell the circus to stop the elephant show. The circus closes the elephant show. The circus has 30 more shows between now and May. Fans can say goodbye before the last curtain call .	The circus, also known as “ the Greatest Show on Earth ” is going to end forever in May, due to high costs and decreasing popularity. Audience numbers went down after animal rights groups pressured the circus to stop the elephant show. Technology also played a role in ending the circus. The circus will perform 30 more shows between now and May, so that its fans will get to say goodbye before the final curtain call .	After a final curtain call , the end of “ the  Greatest Show on Earth” will happen. The Ringling Brothers and Barnum and Bailey Circus is going to close forever in May, due to high operating costs and dwindling popularity. Audience numbers went down after the circus ended the elephant show because of pressure from animal rights groups. Technology also played a role in the circus’s demise . In recent years, the Ringling Brothers tried to keep up with the times by launching an app, but it was not enough. The company will perform 30 more shows between now and May, so that fans will have a chance to say goodbye before the final curtain call.
This news is about the whale shark. It is very big. It weighs up to 18 tonnes. It is between 6 to 16 metres long. It is big, but it is not dangerous. It only eats very small fish and plankton . Scientists do not know much about the whale shark. They want to study it. They want to help it. They come to the Galapagos Islands. They want to learn about the shark’s mating habits. They also want to learn about their pups .	The whale shark is sometimes called the mystery species , as it is a big animal but we know very little about it. To find out more, scientists are diving into the waters around the Galapagos Islands. The animal can weight up to 18 tonnes and their size ranges from 6 to 16 metres in length. The whale sharks are very big, but they only eat very small fish and plankton . Scientists want to know more about them such as the shark’s mating , where they have their pups and how the pups live. Scientists want to help whale sharks, so they also need to know where they travel in the ocean.	Scientists are diving into the waters around the Galapagos Islands to gather more information about the whale shark. Whale sharks are the largest found in the world’s oceans, but they are also one of the least understood, with some scientists calling them a mystery species . The animal can weight up to 18 tonnes and its size ranges from 6 to 16 metres in length. Despite the size, these sharks are gentle giants and only eat tiny fish and plankton . Scientist Alex Hearn explained that there is a whole proportion of the population that scientists do not have much access to and would like to find out more about the shark’s sexual maturity, mating, pupping ground , mortality and early life stages. It is also really important to understand the migratory patterns of the species if scientists wish to protect them in a meaningful way.
US police officers arrest a black man. The officers put handcuffs on the man´s wrists. It means that the man cannot move easily. The man is on the ground. He does not try to run away. However, a police officer uses an arrest dog . The dog holds the man´s leg. The dog bites the man. This lasts 20 seconds. A police officer praises the dog. The police officer says ´good boy´ to the dog. Later, the arrested man says that he has problems with his leg. Luckily, doctors save the man´s leg. The police department stop the use of arrest dogs for some time. The police officer is out of a job now. Police must find out all the details about what happens.	One month before George Floyd´s death, US police officers arrested a black man. A camera that was on one of the police officers shows what happened during the arrest. The man was lying on the ground, and he could not hurt anyone because he had handcuffs on his wrists. However, the officers used an arrest dog which held the man´s leg for 20 seconds. In the video, it is possible to hear an officer praising the dog several times. The police department stopped the use of arrest dogs and placed the officer on administrative leave . The arrested man said that it was not necessary to use an arrest dog. He also said that the dog caused an injury to his leg which could bring him serious health problems.	A police department has temporarily stopped the use of arrest dogs after a shocking bodycam footage came to light . The video shows US police officers ordering a dog to attack an unresisting black man. The suspect was already handcuffed when the dog latched onto his leg for 20 seconds. In the video, a police officer can be heard repeatedly praising the animal, saying ´good boy´. The police department said that the officer had been placed on administrative leave. According to the suspect, the injury was avoidable; however, he also said that he suffered permanent nerve and tendon damage with infections that could lead to amputation . The incident happened almost one month before George Floyd´s death.
The USA dropped a bomb on Nagasaki in Japan. This was in August 1945. The bomb was an atomic bomb. Its name was “Fat Man”. It killed 150,000 people. This was 70 years ago . People commemorate this. They meet in the Nagasaki Peace Park. The park is where the bomb exploded. The Japanese Prime Minister is there, too. He talks to people. He says that he wants a world without atomic bombs.	In August of 1945, the USA dropped the atomic bomb nicknamed “Fat Man” on Nagasaki. More than 150,000 people died in the attack and from the radiation. Japan surrendered six days later and World War II was over. Now, seventy years after the war, people held a memorial ceremony at the Nagasaki Peace Park. The park is right under where the bomb exploded. The Japanese Prime Minister attended the ceremony. He said that he is trying to lead the world into a future without nuclear weapons.	This morning, the silence in Nagasaki was broken only by a tolling bell. The Japanese city has marked 70 years since the dropping of the last atomic bomb on a civilian target in the closing days of World War II. The memorial ceremony held at the Nagasaki Peace Park took place right under where the bomb exploded at 11:02 on August 9th of 1945. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said he was renewing his vows to push more nuclear disarmament. “As the world’s only country to have experienced an atomic bomb during a war and in adherence to our three non-nuclear principals, I have renewed our vows to lead the world in the effort towards nuclear disarmament in order to achieve a world without nuclear weapons.” The US dropped the atomic bomb nicknamed “Fat Man” on Nagasaki three days after the atomic bombing of Hiroshima. More than 150,000 died in the attack and from the subsequent radiation sickness. Japan surrendered six days later, ending World War II.
In China, people hold a festival every year. It is the Snow and Ice Festival. Thousands of people come to it. They can see ice sculptures there. The sculptures look like many things, like animals, for example. The festival is international . People come from different countries. One man is from Barcelona, Spain.	In China, people are holding the 32nd year of the Snow and Ice Festival. People made ice sculptures of many things, like birds, buffalos and even mythological creatures . Thousands of tourists come to the festival every year. In the beginning, only the Chinese participated , but these days, people from over the world come to the festival. One man was from Barcelona, Spain. People come because the festival is really big.	Is it a bird? Is it a plane? Nope, it’s just one of many ice sculptures competing at China’s annual Snow and Ice Festival. Birds, buffalos and the more mythological  creatures are just some of the designs imagined up at this year’s contest. This sculptor explained the symbolic meaning behind his work.This piece is meant to express the “ contents of a kind-hearted inner beauty”. The festival, now in its 32nd year, ploughs through a huge 1.5 million cubic meters of snow, attracting thousands of tourists to watch the sculptors at work, and making it the largest snow spectacle of its kind. Initially, participants were primarily Chinese, but now it attracts sculptors from far and wide . This Spanish chiseller observes the difference in climate to his hometown. “It looks warmer than last year and a few years ago that for our body it’s better because I came from Barcelona and it’s really warm weather.” Clearly, a lot of skill, talent and icy  determination go behind these sculptures.
Scientists find a special asteroid. The asteroid is in front of a star. It is 250 kilometres wide. The scientists are surprised. The asteroid has two rings. People thought that only big planets have rings. This is not true. Small objects have rings, too. This asteroid is the smallest object that has rings. We don’t know how the rings are  formed . They are probably made of ice and rocks.	A giant asteroid surprised scientists who discovered that it had rings. The asteroid is 250 kilometres wide. It is the smallest known object to have such rings. People used to think  that rings are only around big planets like Saturn or Neptune. The scientists noticed the rings when the asteroid moved in front of the star. It cast  a shadow over South America. We don’t know how the rings are formed. One theory says that the rings are made up of ice, small stones and other debris .	Chariklo, which people can consider either a giant asteroid or a minor planet, had a surprise in store for scientists when they discovered that it had Saturn-like rings. As it is around 250 kilometres wide, it is the smallest known object to have such rings. People thought that they could only form around much bigger planets, such as Saturn or Neptune. The astronomers only noticed the rings when the asteroid moved in front of a star, casting a shadow the size of South America, which inspired them to take a closer look. They do not yet know how the rings formed, although one theory suggests, that they are made up of ice, pebbles and other debris from a massive collision in space.
Mexico has a problem. Its people are fat. Around 37 million Mexicans are fat. The government wants to help these people. It puts 30 health stations in Mexico City. If you walk to one health station, it tells you to squat . When you squat, it tells you how to be healthy. When you do 10 squats, you get a free ticket! You can use this ticket, for example, on a bus. Why are so many Mexicans fat? The government says that it is because of bad food and drinks.	Mexico is a country with the second highest rate of obesity. The government says that around 37 million Mexicans are obese. The government wants to help these obese people – it put 30 health stations in 21 Metrobus stations in Mexico City. When somebody steps in front of the station, it tells the person to do 10 squats . While you exercise, the station gives you some advice on how to live a healthy life. When you’re finished with the squats, the station gives you a free ticket! Experts say that so many people in Mexico are obese because of unhealthy food and drinks.	Would you do 10 squats for free travel? Metro users in Mexico City are being offered just that. It’s as the country has declared a public health priority after ranking second in the world for having the highest rate of obesity. Lawmakers there have introduced a measure to promote exercise as the government estimates that some 37 million people qualify as obese. Fifty thousand free tickets will be given out to those users who do squats at the 30 so-called “health stations” in 21 Metrobus stations. “The Health Stations” are equipped with an electronic meter that asks the user to perform 10 consecutive squats. As the user performs each squat, it offers tips on how to lead a healthier life. “I think it’s a very good activity. It’s promoting having good health to people who spend a lot of time sitting down, without doing anything. I think it’s a very good option.” Clinics dedicated to treating overweight patients have been opened in 12 stations of the Public Transport System. They provide advice, free medical treatments and operations at a fraction of the cost in private hospitals. Experts say one reason why obesity is such a problem in Mexico stems from the power of multinational food and beverage firms, particularly those from the United States.
It is the spring equinox . Mexicans celebrate it. They visit the pyramids of Teotihuacan. The pyramids are 40 kilometres from Mexico City. People ask for peace and  harmony . Many people walk up the Pyramid of the Sun. They want to get its energy. People also wear white clothing. They believe that the clothing can help them get energy from the sun.	Mexicans were celebrating the spring equinox . Thousands of them visited the pyramids of Teotihuacan. They are located 40 kilometres from Mexico City. A visitor to the pyramids said that he was asking for peace and harmony. Many people climbed the Pyramid of the Sun to receive its energy. People also wore white clothing. They believe that it can help them receive positive energy from the sun.	Thousands of Mexicans have been visiting the pyramids of Teotihuacan, located 40 kilometres outside of Mexico City. They are celebrating the spring equinox , hoping to receiving new energy for the rest of the year. A visiting teacher said that the people were asking for peace and harmony of the spirit with the universe because people are part of it and cannot destroy it. Many people climbed the Pyramid of the Sun to receive its energy and wore white clothing, as they believed that it would help them receive positive energy from the sun.
This news is from Minnesota, USA. Two people get  married . They are with their wedding party . Everybody is on a dock . The dock is small. There are 22 people on it. The dock breaks. A few people run away, but most people fall in the water. A camera films this moment. It is a funny moment.	A camera captured a funny moment in Minnesota. It showed a wedding party on a dock. There were 22 people there and the dock was small. The dock collapsed . A couple of bridesmaids ran away, but the rest of the people were in waist-deep water. As the guests arrived for the wedding, the wedding party was still wet.	In Minnesota, USA, the bride groom and the whole wedding party  took the plunge into a lake at a wedding. A video caught the moment that Dan and Jackie Anderson were dunked into a lake. They had just lined up on a dock with their groomsmen and bridesmaids for a photo shoot. This was before their wedding began. The weight of the 22 people was too heavy, and the dock collapsed beneath them, which resulted in the whole wedding party getting soaked. Screams and laughter echoed around the lake, and some of the bridesmaids were able to dash off . The rest of the group was in waist-deep water. The bride, groom and the whole wedding party were still drying off while the guests arrived for the wedding.
Hull is a city in England. The city is very connected to the sea. The city celebrates the sea. People strip down . Other people paint them blue. There are four types of blue. The people pose . A person photographs them. Spencer Tunick is the photographer. He is from New York. You can see the photographs next year.	Hull is a city in England which celebrated its connection to the sea. People stripped down and other people painted them blue in four different colours. They then posed and a person photographed them at some of the city’s historic locations. The photographer was the New York- based artist Spencer Tunick. The photographs will go on display next year when Hull will become the new UK City of Culture.	A tidal wave of people… But no, they don’t have hypothermia , they’ve all chosen to strip down and be painted blue. It’s part of a mass human art installation in Hull to celebrate the city’s connection to the sea. Live models gathered at dawn and were covered head to toe in four different shades of blue. They were then posed and photographed at some of the city’s historic locations by New York-based artist Spencer Tunick. The performance piece was commissioned by Ferens Art Gallery where the photographs will go on display next year when Hull will become the new UK City of Culture. You could say they’re all feeling pretty blue .
Do you like cats? If so, this news is for you! There is a small island in Japan. Many cats live there. There are more cats than people there! People call the island “Cats Island.” Around 120 cats live there. Many tourists visit the island. They feed the cats. The cats have no natural predators on the island. That is why there are so many of them!	Cat lovers, this news is for you! There is a tiny island in southern Japan where there are more cats than humans. Around 120 cats live and run over the island which people nicknamed “Cats Island.” Tourists from around Japan come to the island, even though there are no shops or hotels. People brought the cats to the island originally to deal with mice, but the cats multiplied because they had no natural predators on the island. Tourists and some locals feed the cats, but a lot of them have to look for their own food.	More than 120 cats are living and running wild over a tiny Japanese island giving it the nickname “Cats Island.” Tourists from around the country have been flocking to Aoshima even though there are no shops or any hotels. There are only ferries twice a day which link Aoshima to the rest of Japan, but that hasn’t deterred cat lovers. The cats were originally brought over to the island to deal with mice plaguing fishing boats, but they’ve since multiplied, as there are no natural predators. In its heyday , nearly 900 people lived on the island, but over the last 70 years, the population has declined . The cats are fed occasionally by tourists and some people who live on the island, but generally a lot of them have to look for their own food, eating crops at residents’ plants or anything edible left lying around. In a bid to control the cat population, ten have been neutered so far. But humans are still a minority on the island, even with the tourists.
Tarantulas are big, hairy spiders. People in Cambodia eat them. They are a delicacy there. People eat so many tarantulas that they are hard to find. There are less and less of them in the wild. Since they are so popular, their price goes up. The spiders are rich in protein and vitamins .	Tarantulas are a popular delicacy in Cambodia. They are so in demand that people have problems finding them, and there are less and less of them in the wild. Since they are so popular, their price is also up. The spiders are rich in protein and vitamins.	Tarantulas are a popular delicacy in Cambodia; so much so that the high demand is causing a decline in the species . The popular snack, rich in protein and vitamins, is becoming harder to find in Asia and the price has gone up.
King Hezekiah was a biblical king. He ruled around 700 BC . He helped build Jerusalem into a big city. Experts find his seal . They find it in Jerusalem’s Old City. His seal is made of clay .	Around 700 BC , there was a biblical king named King Hezekiah. He helped build Jerusalem into an ancient  metropolis . Archaeologists made an important discovery. They found the king’s clay seal in Jerusalem’s Old City.	Despite its size, this is a monumental discovery, what is said to be the mark from the seal of the King Hezekiah has been discovered. Archaeologists made the find near the southern part of the wall that surrounds Jerusalem’s Old City, an area rich in relics from the period of the first of two ancient Jewish temples. The dots help separate the words: “Belonging to Hezekiah, son of Ahaz, king of Judah.” The archaeologists say the backside of the clay imprint on the seal had markings of thin cords that were used to tie a papyrus document. “Now we know that some documents that was signed by King Hezekiah himself was stored along with the other seals that were stamping all kinds of products. But he himself for some reason, had a document signed by him in this building.” The biblical king ruled around 700 BC and helped build Jerusalem into an ancient metropolis. The Israeli archaeologists say the centimetre-long piece of clay may well have been made by the king himself.
The Magna Carta is a very important document. It is a legal document. It says that no one is above the law. This is even for kings or queens. People create it in 1215 AD in England. Today, there are only four copies of the Magna Carta. One copy is in Salisbury Cathedral in southern England. It is inside a glass box. The alarms activate when the glass is broken. A man tries to steal the document. However, police stop him. They arrest him. He is 45 years old.	Magna Carta is one of the most important legal manuscripts in the world. King John of England signed it in 1215 AD. It enshrined the power of law – the fact that no one is above the law, not even kings or queens. There are only four copies of the Magna Carta left, and one of them is in Salisbury Cathedral in southern England. Alarms activated when a man broke the glass box with the document. Police arrested the 45-year-old man who probably tried to steal this manuscript. Luckily, the document was undamaged.	Police arrested a 45-year-old man on the suspicion of trying to steal an original copy of the Magna Carta from Salisbury Cathedral in southern England. The cathedral houses one of only four remaining copies of the Magna Carta, which is one of the most important legal manuscripts in the world. King John of England signed it in 1215 AD, and it enshrined the basic rights on the principle that no one is above the law – not even England’s kings and queens. Alarms activated when a man smashed the glass box with the document inside. Luckily, it was undamaged during the incident, but people have temporarily removed it.
Donald Trump orders something new. He wants to build the United States Space Force . He thinks the government can say ‘yes’ to this. Trump says that space is a place for future wars. He says that other countries are building space war machines, too. Donald Trump says that the American space force is the best. Other countries have worse war space machines. Thanks to this, America will be safe in the future.	Donald Trump signed a new order last week, and it is a step to create the United States Space Force . Trump said that he sees space as a war-fighting territory of the future. He believes that congress will support his order because it is important. He said that other countries are taking the same steps, but the American space technology is much better. Trump said that this means that the USA will be safe for a long time.	Last week, Donald Trump signed a new order at the White House. He said to be thrilled about this move leading towards creating the United States Space Force. Trump said that his administration recognised space as a war-fighting territory and made the creation of the Space Force a national security priority. He believes that it will receive great support from congress because of its importance. He said that the adversaries of the USA are taking the same steps, and space is going to be a very big part of the US defence and offence . However, according to him, there will be nobody who could come close to matching the USA, meaning that the nation’s safety is secured for many decades and generations.
‘Save the Children’ is an international organisation. It helps children. On 15th December, the organisation celebrates ‘Christmas Jumper Day’. People give 2 pounds to help children. They put on silly Christmas jumpers and meet. They talk and have fun. People from ‘Save the Children’ have another idea. Dogs can wear Christmas jumpers, too. ’Save the Children’ organises a meeting for humans and dogs. Hundreds of dogs meet in a park in London. They all wear Christmas jumpers.	Save the Children is an international organisation, which promotes children’s rights . The 15th December is Save the Children’s Christmas Jumper Day. In England, people can pay two pounds to help the organisation, wear a silly Christmas sweater and have fun. Then the charity realised that dogs can wear sweaters and have fun, too! Then hundreds of dogs met in a park in London. They had fun and broke the record for the most dogs wearing Christmas jumpers.	In aid of Save the Children, which is an international non-governmental organisation that promotes children’s rights, hundreds of dogs converged on a London park to break the record for the most dogs wearing Christmas jumpers. The dogs even had the chance to prove their athletic chops . Helena Wiltshire from the organisation explained that 15th December is Save the Children’s Christmas Jumper Day, on which the organisation asks people to pay two pounds, wear a silly Christmas sweater and have fun. Then the organisation thought, why stop at humans? Dogs can get involved, too!
An American government organisation has 35 reports from 2010–2019. These reports show that people have seizures after they use e-cigarettes. The organisation is worried. It wants to know more. It asks people to give more information.  They can put the problems on its website. Young people are in many of the reports. It is not obvious if vaping makes the seizures happen. However, cigarettes or e-cigarettes can make seizures happen. They have nicotine in them which can cause seizures. Nicotine is a chemical.	A US government organisation is looking into 35 reports about e-cigarettes from 2010–2019. In the reports, people have seizures after they use e-cigarettes. Thirty-five reports is a small number but an important number. The organisation wants to know more. It asks people to report these problems on its website. Young people are in many of the reports. It is not clear that vaping causes seizures, but seizures can come from nicotine poisoning. The administration wants to look into other problems with e-cigarettes.	The US Food and Drug Administration is looking into 35 reports of people having seizures after they used e-cigarettes from 2010–2019. Thirty-five reports is a small number, but an important enough number that the administration wants to look into it. The administration would like people who had these issues to report them on its website. Young people are in many of the reports, but there are no other obvious patterns. It is unclear if there is a direct link between seizures and vaping , although seizures can come from nicotine poisoning. The administration will also look into other risks of e-cigarettes. Last month, other federal regulators wanted more rules for selling flavoured e-cigarettes because teenagers are using them so much.
“Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory” is a film. It is from the year 1971. Gene Wilder is an actor. He is in this film. He is Willy Wonka. Other people are in the film. One actress talks about Gene Wilder. She says that he is very kind and patient . Wilder is in other films, too. He is very funny. People nominated him for an Oscar. Gene Wilder becomes ill. He has Alzheimer’s. Only his family knows this. He does not tell other people about it. He does not want to make people sad. Gene Wilder dies. He is 83.	Millions knew Gene Wilder as Willy Wonka in the 1971 film “Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory”. An actress from the film described him as kind, generous and patient. Wilder’s sense of comedy was irresistibly funny. His performance in “Young Frankenstein” and “ Blazing Saddles ” earned him Oscar nominations. Wilder suffered from Alzheimer’s but nobody knew except his family. He chose not to tell people because he did not want anybody to worry. He died on Monday at the age of 83.	Millions knew Gene Wilder as Willy Wonka in the 1971 film “Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory”. As one of the actresses from the film described him, he was a kind, generous and patient man. His sense of comedy was irresistibly funny, and his performances in “Young Frankenstein” and “ Blazing Saddles” earned him Oscar nominations. Wilder suffered from Alzheimer’s but he had chose not to make this public. Not for reasons of vanity but because he simply couldn’t bear the idea of one less smile in the world. He passed away on Monday at the age of 83. Thousands of tributes have been pouring in for the actor.
This news is from Cuba. There is a bad storm. There are waterspouts . They are at sea. They move to land. They destroy homes. Many people are injured . They are the first waterspouts in Cuba. Thankfully, no one dies.	On Saturday, people saw many waterspouts in southern Cuba. They appeared during a bad storm. They moved onshore, destroyed homes, and left many people injured. According to the local media, this is the first time that waterspouts happened in this area. Thankfully, it appears that no one died, but families are still coming to terms with the damage caused by the freak storm.	A powerful force of nature captured on camera. This waterspout was one of a number seen in Playa Caimito in southern Cuba on Saturday. The spouts appeared amid a severe storm, and moved onshore, levelling homes and leaving dozens injured. This resident said, “It was an enormous disaster, very big. My children and I were inside my home and thank God, my neighbour put my children under the bed. I was in the living room with all the rubble on top of me. It was horrible.” According to local media, this is the first time waterspouts have been recorded in this area. Thankfully, it appears no one was killed, but days on , families in this town are still coming to terms with damage caused by the freak storm.
Here is news from the Amazon rainforest . Some people come out of the forest. These are isolated people. They live only in their group. They do not talk with other people. Someone films the moment. These people wear loincloths . They have bows and arrows . Some other people talk to them. They give them bananas. The people from the rainforest take the bananas, but they are afraid.	Isolated native people emerged from the Amazon rainforest, and made contact with the outside world. Someone filmed the moment on camera. The people wore loincloths and carried bows and arrows. They communicated with local villagers who gave them some bananas. The people took them, but they stepped back quickly. They were afraid of the strangers . Brazilian experts said that people from the rainforest move from Peru because of deforestation .	Brazil’s indigenous authority filmed the moment an isolated native people emerged from the Amazon rainforest and made contact with the outside world. The natives wore loincloths and carried bows and arrows. This happened along the banks of the Envira River, which is near the Peruvian border. The footage showed men from the Panoan linguistic group as they interacted with local villagers of northern Brazil. One of the villagers gave bananas to two of the natives, wary of approaching him, as they quickly grabbed the fruit and retreated out of arm’s reach. Brazilian experts said that the indigenous people were likely crossing the border from Peru, as they were facing pressure from illegal logging and drug trafficking at their home.
Harvey Weinstein is a famous film producer . He is in trouble. He is in a sex scandal . Many women say that he sexually harassed them. The scandal is very big. He is famous. Many women speak against him. People say what they think about the scandal and Weinstein. Donald Trump says that he is not surprised.	Harvey Weinstein is a famous film producer and co-founder of the Weinstein Company, which has produced many films. Some of them are Django Unchained, The King’s Speech , and The Imitation Game . The company recently fired Weinstein after a series of allegations of sexual harassment and sexual assault against him. There are a number of women who are speaking against him and the number is still rising. Most of them are actresses, but also models, directors and designers. The media is talking a lot about the scandal, and many people are sharing their experiences or opinions. Donald Trump said that he was ‘not at all surprised’ to see that Harvey Weinstein was caught up in a sex scandal.	The Weinstein Company has fired Harvey Weinstein, the co-founder of the company, which has released many films including Django Unchained, The King’s Speech , and The Imitation Game . The company fired him because its board was following numerous allegations of sexual harassment and sexual assault against him. The number of women who are coming forward about him are mostly actresses but also models, directors and designers.  Actresses Rose McGowan, Asia Argento and Lucia Evans have accused Weinstein of rape, and many actresses like Gwyneth Paltrow were asked to touch him in hotel suites . Model Ambra Battilana Gutierrez even recorded him on a New York Police wiretap . Angelina Jolie said that he told people to avoid him after meeting him, and actress Jessica Hynes says that she lost a job after refusing to audition in a bikini. She also added that, ‘ What goes around comes around. ’ Donald Trump said that he was ‘not at all surprised’ to see Harvey Weinstein caught up in a sex scandal.
Thousands of people protest in Hong Kong. This is on New Year´s Day. Hong Kong officials authorize the protest. However there are some problems with protesters. They cancel the protest. Officials say that some protesters become violent . However, the organizers of the protest say that this is not true. The protests start six months ago. They are about a new law about prisoners. People do not agree with the law. They protest against it. They want to change many things in Hong Kong. One thing is the law to vote. Officials from many countries write a letter to the Hong Kong leader. They ask her to change the situation in the country. However, Hong Kong officials say that they must stop the protests first.	Tens of thousands of people protested in Hong Kong on New Year´s Day. Hong Kong officials authorized the protest, but after some protesters clashed with police, they called it off . The police said that some protesters started fires and damaged shops, but the organizers of the protest said that this was not true, and that the police tried to separate people. Demonstrations started six months ago as a reaction to a new law to return foreign prisoners to their home countries. Officials from 18 countries told Hong Kong to solve the situation and deal with the protesters´ demands . However, Hong Kong wants to stop the protests and bring the situation back to normal.	Tens of thousands of protesters gathered in Hong Kong for a New Year´s Day protest. The protest was originally authorized by Hong Kong officials, but after some protesters clashed with police, that permission was quickly withdrawn . According to the police, some protesters set fires, damaged stores, and threw bricks, but the organizers of the protest denied that report, saying that the police just wanted to separate Hong Kongers. Demonstrations, which started from a controversial extradition law, have lasted for over six months. Officials from 18 countries urged the Hong Kong leader to deal with the protesters´ demands; however, Hong Kong´s government said that its priority is to stop violence and restore social order as soon as possible.
A volcano in Hawaii is active. Its name is Kilauea. Lava is coming out of the volcano. It comes to a lake. The lake is Hawaii’s largest freshwater lake. The lava vaporises it in hours. The lava continues to move. It goes to the ocean. It touches water and becomes hard rock. It forms new land.	Kilauea volcano is on the Island of Hawaiʻi, the biggest of the Hawaiian Islands. The volcano erupted last month and lava is coming out of it. The volcano is a danger on the island. We do not know when the eruption will end. The lava flow came into contact with Hawaii’s largest freshwater lake and vaporised it in hours. The lava left behind a jagged landscape. When the lava flow came into contact with the ocean, it formed a mile of new land. Any new land which formed in the national park belongs to the state.	Kilauea volcano on the Island of Hawaiʻi, the biggest of the Hawaiian Islands, explosively erupted this May and has been a serious threat ever since. People say that there is no way to tell when the eruption will end. As the lava moved towards the Kapoho Bay, Hawaii’s largest freshwater lake vaporised in a matter of hours. The lava flow is still active and leaves behind a jagged landscape. Nearly a mile of new land formed when the mass of lava came into contact with the ocean. Any new land masses that form in the national park belong to the state.
Cori ‘CoCo’ Gauff is a young tennis player. She is very talented. She wins the U.S. Open Junior Final. She is 13. She wins the French Open Junior title. She is 14. This year, she plays at Wimbledon. This is her first time there. She plays against Venus Williams. Gauff beats Williams 6-4, 6-4. The tennis world is stunned . Gauff talks to Williams after the match. She thanks Williams because she was her idol . Williams congratulates her and tells her to ‘keep going’.	Last Monday, Fifteen-year-old Cori ‘CoCo’ Gauff played against Venus Williams at Wimbledon. The young talent beat the champion 6-4, 6-4. The tennis world was stunned . The match was also Gauff’s first time at Wimbledon, and she became the youngest person to win a match there since 1991. Before this year’s success, Gauff won the French Open Junior title at 14 and the U.S. Open Junior Final at 13. Gauff later told the BBC that it was her dream to play against Venus Williams. She grew up idolising her and her sister Serena. After the match, she thanked Venus and said she would not be there if not for her. Williams congratulated her on the win and told her to ‘keep going’.	Fifteen-year-old Cori ‘CoCo’ Gauff stunned the tennis world after beating five-time singles champion Venus Williams last Monday. The tennis phenom beat her opponent 6-4, 6-4 during the first round of Wimbledon. The match was also Gauff’s first appearance at the prestigious tournament, making her the youngest person to win a match since 1991. The young tennis player already made a name for herself years before when she reached the U.S. Open Junior Final at 13, and she won the French Open Junior title at 14. Gauff told the BBC that it was her dream to face Venus Williams, as she grew up idolising her and her sister Serena. After the match, she thanked Venus, saying that she would not be there if not for her. Williams congratulated her on the win and told her to ‘keep going’.
It is Friday morning. A special vehicle travels on a California, USA, large road. The vehicle is full of bags of money. One of the doors suddenly opens. Some bags fall onto the road. There is money everywhere. Other drivers see the money. They stop. They quickly get the money. Their cars block the road. Other cars must stop, too. They cannot move for two hours. California officials must learn what happens. The FBI helps them. People must bring the money to the officials. The police have many videos. They know who these people are.	On Friday morning, an armored vehicle was carrying bags full of money on a California, USA, highway. Suddenly, one of the doors opened, and some bags fell onto the road. One and twenty-dollar bills covered the road, and drivers immediately stopped when they saw the money to grab it. Their cars blocked the road, and traffic completely stopped for two hours. California officials asked these people to return the money. There were many videos of the event, and it was not difficult to find these people.	Drivers in Southern California, USA, scrambled to grab cash after bags of money fell out of an armored vehicle on a highway. Several bags opened after one of the vehicle’s doors popped open, spreading mostly one and twenty-dollar bills all over the lanes . People stopped in the lanes, completely blocked them, and grabbed the cash, bringing the highway to a sudden stop. The incident happened on Friday morning, and traffic came to a standstill for two hours. A California Highway Patrol (CHP) spokesperson said that they were working with the FBI, and they suggested that the people return the cash to the CHP office immediately because they were going to find these people.
This news is about a whale shark. It gets tangled in a fishing net . It cannot move. Water moves it onto a beach. People find the shark. They help him. They cut through the net. They push the shark back into the water. The whale shark is a protected species . It is a type of shark. It is not dangerous.	A whale shark washed up on a Peruvian beach. A heavy fishing net tangled around it and trapped it. Fishermen came to help the shark and managed to cut through the net. It got free and they pushed it back into the water. The whale shark is a protected species in much of the world. It is a type of shark, but it is not dangerous.	A whale shark washed up on a Peruvian beach. A heavy fishing net had caught it. It was trapped, but some fishermen came to help the animal. They worked hard to take the net away from its body. This was a race against time. They finally managed to cut through the net. The shark was free and the fishermen were able to push it back into the water. The whale shark is a protected species in much of the world and despite its name, it is considered a gentle  giant . And this one has some gentle friends to thank for its life.
British scientists talk to many people across the world. They want to learn their opinions on vaccines . Most people say that vaccines are safe and effective . However, people who live in poor countries trust vaccines more. The people in richer countries are not always giving their children vaccines. Diseases are coming back. The vaccines can stop these diseases. However, the people in the richer countries do not trust the vaccines. The WHO says that this is a problem. It is one of the top 10 problems in health this year.	British scientists reached out to many people across the world to learn their opinions on vaccines . Most people said that vaccines are safe and effective. However, poorer countries are more certain about vaccines than richer countries. The researchers say that people do not trust vaccines in places where vaccine- preventable diseases are coming back. That is not because the vaccines are bad, but because fewer people are giving vaccines to their children. The WHO said that this problem is one of the top 10 problems in global health this year. The scientists want to continue to study this issue .	British researchers surveyed over 140,000 people in over 140 countries to learn their opinions on vaccines. Overall, 80 per cent of people said that vaccines are safe and 84 per cent said that they are effective. However, poorer countries are more certain about vaccines than richer countries. France had the lowest percentage of people who trust vaccines and North America had 72 per cent. The researchers say that vaccine scepticism is higher where vaccines used to prevent diseases that recently have come back. This is because less people there are giving the vaccines to their children. The WHO said that vaccine hesitancy is one of the top 10 problems in global health this year. The researchers want to continue studying this issue.
A plane is flying. It only has one engine . The engine stops working. The plane can glide , but it must land. It lands on a highway. This happens in New Jersey, USA. There are five people on the plane. One person is injured a little.	A single-engine plane was carrying five people when it ran out of power. It could only glide and was forced to make an emergency landing on a New Jersey, USA highway – it landed on the grass-covered median . Some of the passengers were students from a nearby skydiving school. The instructor had minor injuries, including a cut on his arm. People are investigating the incident.	A single-engine plane was carrying five people in New Jersey, USA, including students from a nearby skydiving school, when it ran out of power. The small skydiving plane was forced to make an emergency landing on a highway grass-covered median . The Federal Aviation Administration is now investigating the incident in which only the instructor sustained minor injuries.
A boat sinks near South Korea. A six-year-old girl is lucky. People rescue her. Sadly, her parents are still missing . The girl goes to hospital. People try to find her family. They find the girl’s uncle. People look for the girl’s parents. We have no information about them.	A ferry sank off the coast of South Korea. A six-year-old girl is lucky to be alive. People rescued her. Unfortunately, her parents are still missing. The girl was treated in hospital after her rescue. A lot of people tried to contact the girl’s relatives. Luckily, her uncle managed to get in touch . The rescue operations are ongoing, but we have no information about the parents or her brother.	Six-year-old Kwon Ji-Yeon is lucky to be alive after she was rescued from the sunken ferry off South Korea, but her parents remain missing. This footage shows Kwon being rescued from the ferry yesterday by coastguards . Kwon, who was separated from her family during the sinking, was treated in hospital after her rescue. Many people took to social media to try and contact Kwon’s relatives. Luckily, her uncle managed to get in touch. The South Korean coast guard said rescue efforts are ongoing, but it hasn’t been able to confirm any information on Kwon’s parents or brother.
Venezuela has big problems. The economic situation there is very bad. One city has no electricity for months. People cannot use their fridges . They cannot keep their food cold and fresh. Their meat goes bad. Some people buy bad meat anyway . One shopper buys the meat. He plans to wash it with vinegar and lemon.	Venezuela is experiencing its worst-ever economic down turn , and the city of Maracaibo has had no electricity for months. One housewife said that there were about 16–18 hours without electricity a day during the week. Without electricity, people cannot keep their food cool in a fridge, and some shoppers buy spoiled meat. One man at a market said that the meat was not good but he bought it anyway. He did not know what to do about the situation, so he left it to God. He said that the meat smelled bad, but he planned to wash it with a little vinegar and lemon.	Maracaibo is city in Venezuela, has been experiencing rolling blackouts for months, as the country endures its worst ever-economic downturn. One housewife said that there were about 16–18 hours of blackouts a day during the week. With no electricity, it is impossible to refrigerate food, and some shoppers have resorted to buying spoiled meat. The media approached one shopper at a market and he said that the meat was no good, but he did not know what to do except to leave things to God’s will. He added that the meat smelled a little foul , but rinsing it with a little vinegar and lemon would do . The governor of the affected Venezuelan state said that the blackouts were being repaired, yet they persist .
20 years ago, the first Harry Potter movie is in cinemas. Its name is ´Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone‘. There are eight movies about Harry Potter. Harry Potter is a young boy. He learns that he is a wizard . He studies at Hogwarts School. The movies about Harry Potter have many special effects . Sadly, computers are not very good 20 years ago. Some computer technologies are not ready at that time. It is more difficult to make some effects look real. Artists make most props by hand. One of the most difficult effects are objects which float in the air. The filmmakers work hard. The results are great. The floating objects look real. People all over the world love the Harry Potter movies.	Twenty years ago, the popular first Harry Potter movie came to cinemas titled ´Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone‘. The first in eight movies, it introduced fans to the world of wizards, and the movies became one of the most successful series. Graphic designers Miraphora Mina and Eduardo Lima worked on the whole series, and they still remember one of their first props . It was Harry’s acceptance letter to Hogwarts School. 21 years ago, people had different technologies, and it was not as usual to use computers for special effects. Therefore, it was more difficult to make the effects look realistic . Designers and special effects artists used sets, props, and models which they built themselves. The two scenes which worried filmmakers the most were the flying broomsticks and the candles floating in the air. With all the work, the results were great, and both effects looked very realistic.	November 16, 2021, was 20 years since the release of the popular film ´Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone‘. The Hogwarts acceptance letter was one of the earliest props; Graphic designers Miraphora Mina and Eduardo Lima designed the letter. They also worked on the whole series. Designers achieved many of the special effects through the analogue way with sets, props, and models built by hand. Filmmakers wanted to get as much reality into the first movie as possible, and the first two things that concerned them were flying broomsticks and floating candles. 20 years ago, the development of CGI was much less, so it was much more challenging to make some scenes look realistic. However, the effort was worth it, as all eight Harry Potter movies grossed 7.8 billion dollars.
The First Folio is a book. There are 36 plays in the book. The plays are by William Shakespeare. There are 230 copies of this book in the world. This makes every copy special. Every copy is very important. One copy is in France. People do not know about it. It sits in a library for years. One day, however, a man finds it. Now people know that the book is special. They take good care of it. The book stays in France for a year. Then, people move it to the United Kingdom.	The First Folio is a book with 36 plays by William Shakespeare. It includes the most famous ones, such as Hamlet and Romeo and Juliet. People first published the book seven years after Shakespeare’s death. There are only 230 copies of this book. That means that this book is extremely valuable . One copy of it was lying in a library in France for 200 years. Nobody knew about its existence until a librarian accidentally found it. The library took great care of the book, as it is really special. Now people move the book back to the UK.	An incredibly rare book by William Shakespeare is making its journey back to the UK after it was discovered in a French library last year. The First Folio contains 36 plays and it’s thought to be one of the most valuable books in English literature. It lay untouched for years and was then accidentally found by a librarian when he was carrying out research for a planned exhibition. “This book or its value increased because of its past history and it was kind of in hibernation since it’s been sleeping on these drawers for two centuries. It’s been in great demand in the last few weeks, so we’re trying to preserve it as much as possible and we’re taking great care of it so we wrapped it carefully.” There are only 230 copies of the First Folio in existence and the latest discovery makes it only the second in France. The book was first published seven years after Shakespeare’s death and is now incredibly valuable. The book contains renowned plays such as Hamlet, Romeo and Juliet, and The Tempest but thirty pages are missing, including the title page with its iconic  portrait of the writer.
Facebook is very popular. Almost 1 billion people visit it every day. Mark Zuckerberg created Facebook. Mark Zuckerberg goes to a meeting. There, he meets with Angela Merkel and other people. Mark Zuckerberg speaks at the meeting. He talks about the Internet. He says that it is a human right . He says that the Internet can be good for refugees . For example, they can talk with their families. Facebook wants to give the Internet to refugees.	Mark Zuckerberg, the co-founder of Facebook, was at a forum the United Nations organised. He met with people like Angela Merkel, and U2’s frontman Bono. At the forum, he talked about the Internet. He said that Facebook and other companies are working to bring the Internet to refugees . Refugees can use the Internet to communicate with their families. Mark Zuckerberg also said that the Internet is a human right. Facebook is so popular that almost 1 billion people visit it in one day. Mark Zuckerberg said that the website will continue to grow.	Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg spoke at the United Nations Private Sector  Forum , announcing plans to help bring the Internet to UN refugee camps. The forum focuses on the role of the private sector in implementing the Sustainable  Development Goals. Zuckerberg believes that Internet access is an important enabler of human rights. He also said that Facebook would be partnering with the UN to support the millions of refugees escaping war and poverty and gain online connectivity. He said that connectivity would help refugees better access support from the aid community and maintain their links to family and loved ones. He said that Facebook was in a unique position to help maintain the life-line .
Russia builds a military base in 1954. Soldiers test rockets and weapons there. In August 2019, there is an explosion . 5 people die in the explosion. The US believes that Russia does a test of a nuclear rocket . Close to the base, there is a small village. Many people from the village see the explosion. People grow food in their gardens. They do not want to eat it. They think that it is not safe to eat the food. They worry about their health. Officials say that it is safe to eat the food. People are scared. They want to get more information about the explosion. However, officials say nothing.	In August 2019, there was an explosion at a Russian military base , and it killed at least 5 people. The US said that Russia tested a new nuclear weapon . There is a village near the base. Some people saw the explosion, and they said that they did not get any information about the explosion for 4 hours. People worried about the radiation , and they did not want to eat fruit from their gardens. However, officials said that it was safe to eat because the wind blew the other way. Today, people worry about the effect of the radiation. They are angry because they do not have any official information about the radiation.	Just 1,000 kilometers north of Moscow, there is the village of Nyonoksa. It is near a Russian military base set up by the Soviet navy in 1954, and non-residents need a permission to visit the village. In August 2019, there was an explosion of a rocket engine and radiation  leak at the base. At least 5 people died in the explosion and that was not the first accident over the years. Some people who witnessed the explosion said that no news appeared until 4 hours later. People in the village were worried about the radiation , and a lot of them did not harvest fruit from their gardens. However, officials told them that there was no radiation absorbed in the water or soil. People still worry about the consequences , and about the lack of information about the radiation.
Facebook Watch opens a gallery in London. It is a gallery of pictures of dogs. There are pictures of famous, rare , influencer , and hero dogs. You can come with your dog. The pictures are at human and dog heights . You can also upload a video to Facebook Watch. For every video, Facebook gives $1 to a dog charity. If you upload a video, you can win $100,000, too.	Facebook Watch opened a gallery for dogs in London. There are pictures of famous, rare, influencer , and hero dogs. People hung the pictures at both human and dog heights, so both you and your pup can enjoy the exhibition. Aside from visiting the gallery, you can also upload a video of your dog to Facebook Watch. Facebook will give $1 to a dog charity for every uploaded video, and you can win $100,000. In the UK, the charity which is getting help is the Battersea Cats and Dogs Home.	Facebook Watch opened a PAW-trait gallery in London and launched it World’s Greatest Dog competition. There are pictures of famous, rare, influencer , and hero dogs for humans and dogs to look at, as the pictures are hung at both human and dog heights, so both you and your pup can enjoy the exhibition. To enter the competition and maybe win $100,000, you just upload a video of your dog to Facebook Watch. Even if you do not win, your dog can become an Internet celebrity, and what’s more , Facebook will give $1 to a dog charity for every uploaded video. In the UK, it is the Battersea Cats and Dogs Home.
On Sunday, it was Valentine’s Day. In Hong Kong, people put up 25,000 lights. These lights are special. They look like roses. The rose lights symbolise love. The lights make people happy. The rose is a western symbol. The light is an eastern symbol. The rose lights combine the western and the eastern cultures.	On Valentine’s Day, people lit 25,000 rose lights Hong Kong. The lights symbolise true love. The installation is part of Seoul’s Light Rose Garden World Tour. The person behind the installation hopes that it will send love and happiness across the world, from east to west. The installation combines the western Valentine’s rose with its Eastern equivalent – the lights of the Chinese Lantern Festival.	25,000 rose lights have been lit in Hong Kong as part of Seoul’s Light Rose Garden’s World Tour. Yong Jin Jung, the director of PANCOM , who installed the piece, says that they hope it will spread love and happiness across the world from east to west. They display incorporate the symbolic Valentine’s rose from the west with its eastern equivalent – the lights of the Chinese Lantern Festival. “I think it’s awesome and it’s relatively very little chance to have these kinds of installations in Hong Kong.” The beautiful white illuminations represent pure  and  innocent love.
Here some news from Western Australia. It is about two dolphins. They are chasing fish. They swim up a river. They swim into a lake. The lake is not deep enough for the dolphins. They cannot get back to the sea. Some people help them. They lift the dolphins up. Ten people must do this. One dolphin is 300 kilograms heavy. People move the dolphins into deeper waters. The dolphins are OK. They are only tired. People are happy when the dolphins get to deep waters.	Two dolphins were probably chasing fish and swam up a river to a lake in Western Australia. People wanted to help the dolphins get back to the sea. They herded the dolphins. One man even threw himself on the animal to try to catch it. In the end, they placed the dolphins on sheets and transported them into deeper waters. One of the dolphins weighed over 300 kilograms – 10 people lifted it up. The male dolphins were healthy but tired after swimming in the lake waters. Some people noticed the rescue operation and cheered when the dolphins returned safely to water.	Two bottlenose dolphins have been rescued from a lake in Western Australia after swimming up a river, possibly chasing fish. Kayakers herded the dolphins towards the lakeside with one even throwing himself on the animal to try to catch it and bring it to safety. Marine rangers then secured the dolphins by placing them on sheets. A total of 10 people lifted one of the dolphins, which weighed over 300 kilograms. Rescuers then kept the dolphins hydrated as they were transported to deeper water. The dolphins were released in the lower reaches of the Serpentine River in the Western Australian city of Mandurah. The male dolphins were healthy but tired after swimming in shallow lake water which prevented them from navigating into deeper water. The rescue operations caught the attention of a group of local residents who cheered as the dolphins were successfully released in the water.
Magdalena Andersson becomes Sweden´s first Prime Minister . She is the Finance Minister before that. Stefan Lofven is the Prime Minister before Andersson. He makes a government in 2018. Since 2018, Sweden’s situation changes a lot. Now, there are more immigrants . There is more crime. The government must solve new problems. New political groups get in the government. Andersson´s job will be very hard. She must make a new government. She does not have a lot of help. She has only some people who are in her political group. She must make a plan for how the government will spend money next year. It seems that it will not be possible for her to do this.	Last week, Sweden´s Finance Minister Magdalena Andersson became the country´s first Prime Minister. In 2018, Stefan Lofven was the Prime Minister before Andersson, and he was able to form a government. Sadly, it will be much more difficult for Andersson because the political situation changed. Recently, immigrants caused many problems, and new parties came to the government. Andersson won the vote, but it was very narrow . Andersson´s government has a small group in the parliament, and it seems that she will not be able to bring forward next year´s plans for spending.	Sweden´s Finance Minister Magdalena Andersson became the largest Nordic nation´s first female prime minister a close vote in parliament. Andersson faces a fragmented government after Sweden´s politics were upended by the far-right Sweden Democrats as growing gun crime and problems over immigration led to voter disillusionment . Her government only controls about a third of the parliament, and her spending proposal for next year is set to be ignored for an opposition proposal. While the previous Prime Minister Stefan Lofven was able to form a government in a 2018 election, a similar solution looks distant for Andersson.
Since 2015, 1 million migrants move to Germany. This makes some people unhappy. In Chemitz, Germany, there is a killing. People say that immigrants kill a German citizen . Thousands of people come together to protest. They wear black. They hold a mourning march . People get violent during the protests. Police have to stop some people. There are also people who want to help immigrants. The police keep them away from the protesters.	Since 2015, an influx of 1 million immigrants have come into Germany, which has made some people uncomfortable. In Chemitz, Germany, thousands of protesters came together because of an alleged killing of a German by immigrants. Many protesters wore black at the ‘ mourning march ’. Police had to stop some of the protest when it became violent, and they tried to keep the protesters away from people who disagreed with them. About 2,000 people went to a different protest to support immigrants.	Since 2015, an influx of 1million refugees have come into Germany, which has made some people uneasy. In Chemitz, Germany, thousands of far-right protesters gathered in response to the alleged killing of a German citizen by Syrian and Iraqi migrants. Many supporters of the party called ‘Alternative for Germany’ wore all black clothing at the ‘mourning march’. Police had to intervene when the event became violent, and they tried to keep the protesters away from counter – demonstrators . About 2,000 people went to a separate protest in support of foreign sentiment .
This happens in China. A man wants to cross a road. A car hits him! The man falls on the ground. Another car comes. It runs him over . Some people see the man. They want to help him. They stand above him. A car sees this and it stops. However, it stops too fast. A car behind it hits it. The first car moves and runs him over. In total , three cars hit the man. They break his ribs and his left leg. He goes to hospital.	A man tried to cross a busy street in China, but a car hit him. He was on the ground. Only within ten seconds, another car appeared and ran him over . Later, some locals saw him on the road and went to help him. While they figured out how to help, another car spotted them and stopped. Sadly, it stopped too fast and a car behind it hit it. As a result, the first car accidentally ran over the man again. In total, three cars hit the man. A hospital treated his broken ribs and left leg.	This is the moment a man in China survived being hit by not one, not two, but three cars in Kunshan city. The man, named Li, can be seen being hit by the cars repeatedly in the middle of a road. According to the surveillance video footage , the accident took place as he was trying to cross the busy street. After being knocked down by the first car, Li was run over by another within just ten seconds. Later, some locals saw him lying injured on the road and went over to help. While they were still figuring out how to help Li, another car spotted them and stopped, but due to its sudden  brake , it was hit by a car from behind. As a result, the first car slightly ran over him again accidentally. Li suffered from several fractures in his left leg and six ribs. He is said to be recovering in hospital.
China sends a spacecraft to the moon. It does this at the start of 2019. It sends the spacecraft to the far side of the moon. The spacecraft is the first spacecraft to go to the far side. People usually only send spacecraft to the near side. This is because there must be communication between Earth and the spacecraft. China solves this problem. There is another spacecraft behind the moon. The spacecraft on the moon and people from Earth send information to it. This is how the spacecraft communicates with the Earth. China wants to study a crater of the moon. It is one of the biggest and oldest craters. It can tell us about the moon’s evolution .	At the start of 2019, China landed a spacecraft on the far side of the moon. Nobody did this in the past.  People only sent spacecraft to the near side of the moon because spacecraft need to face Earth if they want to communicate with us. Chinese scientists found a solution for this. They sent a satellite 64,000 kilometres behind the moon. This satellite will send information between Earth and the spacecraft on the moon. There will be a car which will go on the moon’s surface. The car will visit one of the moon’s largest and oldest craters . Scientists hope to find and study material from the deep moon’s crater. They want to understand the moon’s evolution better. They want to understand how the crater was formed.	At the start of 2019, China did something that no other space program has ever done – it landed a spacecraft on the surface of the far side of the moon. The reason people sent spacecraft to the near side is because spacecraft need to face Earth in order to establish a direct radio link with ground control . Chinese scientists got around this by sending a satellite around 64,000 kilometres beyond the moon. This satellite will constantly send a signal between Earth and the spacecraft on the moon. The Chinese rover will explore the lunar surface using a series of scientific instruments to study one of the moon’s largest and oldest craters. Scientists hope to find and study material from the deep lunar crater to see if the information can help us understand the moon’s evolution, as well as how the crater was formed. Also, because the far side of the moon is hidden from Earth’s radio noise , this could be an excellent place to perform clear radio astronomy.
People like to wear fashionable clothes. They still buy new clothes. The fashion industry is a big business. But it has a big impact on the environment. The fashion industry makes 20% of the world´s wastewater. Wastewater is dirty water from factories and houses. The fashion industry needs a lot of clean water, too. It takes about 7,500 liters of water to make a pair of jeans. People throw away a lot of clothes. They throw away one garbage truck of clothes every second. These clothes often end up in landfills . Some companies start to make sustainable clothes. Sustainable clothes are more friendly to the environment. Companies reuse material to make new clothes. They use modern ways to make clothes.	The fashion industry is a big problem for the environment. 20% of the world´s wastewater comes from the fashion industry, and the industry is also responsible for 10% of world carbon  emissions . It is more than all planes and ships make together. An interesting fact is that it takes about 7,500 liters of water to make a pair of jeans. At the same time, people throw a lot of clothes away. Every second, they throw away so many clothes that they would fill one garbage truck . People follow the latest fashions and they keep buying new clothes. They throw away clothes that are still nice, and somebody else could wear them. Some fashion companies try to be more friendly to the environment, and they make clothes from recycled materials. They use modern technologies that do not harm the environment.	The fashion industry is one of the worst polluters in the world. The industry is responsible for 20% of the world´s wastewater and 10% of carbon emissions, which is more than all international flights and maritime shipping combined. It takes around 7,500 liters to make a typical pair of jeans, while the equivalent of one garbage truck of textiles is sent to landfills or burned every second. However, the industry is changing, and it has set goals to be more eco-friendly. Big clothing brands have begun to respond to customers´ demand for more sustainable products, and they have promised to use 100% sustainable or recyclable fabrics in their clothes. At the same time, there are many startup brands that focus on a smaller group of customers who care about the environment and they are willing to pay for it. These companies use innovative technologies; for example, they make clothes from fermented agricultural waste.
An accident happens in Argentina. Two helicopters hit. Ten people were on the helicopters. They are dead. Three French sports stars died. Their names are Camille Muffat, Alexis Vastine and Florence Arthaud. Camille Muffat was a swimmer. She won at the London Olympics 2012. Alexis Vastine was a boxer. Florence Arthaud was a sailor . They were filming a TV show there. It shows how people can live in nature. The TV show is called “Dropped”.	Ten people died after two helicopters collided mid-air in Argentina during filming for a popular European TV show. Three French sports stars were among the victims . Camille Muffat, who won an Olympic gold medal in swimming in the London Olympics 2012, Olympic boxer Alexis Vastine, and champion sailor Florence Arthaud died. The TV show is called “Dropped” and it shows how sports stars survive in nature. Around 80 people were in the area at the time of the accident.	Two French Olympians were among 10 people killed after two helicopters collided mid-air during filming for a popular European reality TV show in Argentina. Camille Muffat, who won an Olympic gold medal in swimming at London 2012, Olympic boxer Alexis Vastine, and champion sailor Florence Arthaud were filming for the series “Dropped” in La Rioja Province. The helicopters crashed while flying near Villa Castelli, with ten people on board both aircraft were killed, along with two Argentine pilots. The reality show involves eight sports stars being dropped into inhospitable  environments . The provincial government said a cast and crew of around 80 people were in the area to film the series. Shooting began in February at the southern tip of Argentina before moving north to La Rioja.
Cassini is a probe . People send it to space in 1997. It travels to Saturn. Saturn is the second largest planet in our solar system . It gets to Saturn in 2004. It flies around it 300 times. It watches Saturn and sends people information. We learn a lot thanks to the probe. We find Saturn’s new moons, for example. Six moons already have names. Cassini serves for 20 years. This year, it goes into Saturn’s thick atmosphere. The atmosphere destroys it. NASA feels proud. Cassini was a good probe.	In 1997, NASA sent the Cassini probe to space, and in 2004, it arrived at Saturn. Until now, it has been studying the second largest planet in our solar system. Cassini circulated Saturn almost 300 times and collected information. Thanks to the probe, we understand Saturn much better. After 20 years of service, Cassini entered the planet’s thick atmosphere and burnt up. Cassini’s mission was one of the most successful missions to space. NASA said that everything went ‘extremely well’. Cassini found many moons, six of which already have names.	The Cassini probe was the first and the only spacecraft to go into orbit around Saturn. It blasted off to space in 1997 and arrived at Saturn, the second largest planet in our solar system, in 2004. Since then, it circulated the planet almost 300 times, vastly improving our understanding of it. After its 20-year mission, Cassini finally entered the thickening atmosphere of Saturn, plunged and burnt like a meteor. NASA bid its farewell to the probe, saying that everyone was proud of their accomplishments, as everything they had planned and more was executed ‘extremely well’. Cassini’s mission was one of the most successful missions to space. It witnessed storms and ice particles on the rings of Saturn, and discovered six moons that have been named and more that are yet to be named.
Trump may get the Nobel Peace Prize. It will be controversial if he wins. He will not be alone. Henry Kissinger wins when he has talks to help North Vietnam. Critics say that he bombs Vietnam and Cambodia. Aung San Suu Kyi wins the prize, too. She makes the government of Myanmar democratic. Now, critics say that she is not stopping attacks against people there. Yasser Arafat wins when he tries to help with peace in Israel and Palestine. Critics say that he attacks Israel. Barack Obama wins when he tries to help the people of the world. Critics say that he was also part of the Libyan war.	Trump may get a nomination for the Nobel Peace Prize. If he wins, he would be one of many controversial people who won the award. Henry Kissinger won the award for his North Vietnam peace talks, but critics say that he was part of America’s secret bombing raids in Cambodia and in Vietnam. Aung San Suu Kyi won the award as she fought to help Myanmar become democratic, but critics say that she is not stopping the ethnic cleansing happening there now. Yasser Arafat won the award for trying to bring peace to Palestine and to Israel, but critics say that he was part of terrorism against Israel. Barack Obama won an award for trying to help the people of the world work together, but critics say that he was also involved in the Libyan war.	The Nobel Committee is going to decide this year’s winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, and Donald Trump may get a nomination. If Trump wins, he would be one of many controversial people who won the award. In 1973, Henry Kissinger won the award for his North Vietnam peace talks, despite that critics said that he was part of America’s secret bombing raids in Cambodia and in Vietnam. In 1991, Aung San Suu Kyi won the award as she fought to help Myanmar become democratic. Critics now denounce her as a leader for her inaction to stop ethnic cleansing happening there. In 1994, Yasser Arafat won the award for trying to bring peace to Palestine and to Israel in the Oslo Accords.  Many critics said that he was behind terrorism that killed Israeli civilians . In 2009, Barack Obama won an award for trying to help the people of the world cooperate.  Critics say that he did not help because of involvement in the Libyan war.
This news is from Alberta. Alberta is a Canadian province. There is a fire. It spreads close to a city. 80,000 people must leave. Some people cannot take their things. They lose everything. The fire stretches for 6,540 acres. Firefighters try to stop the fire. More firefighters are coming to help.	There is a fire in Alberta, Canada. It spread to the outskirts of a city and forced the evacuation of 80,000 people. One woman said that they could not even take their things. They lost everything. The fire stretches for 6,540 acres. Firefighters are continuing to tackle the fire, and they called for more help from other parts of Canada. Last Wednesday, it was windy, which made the firefighting even more difficult.	“Oh, this is amazing. Absolutely amazing.” “Can you believe how fast it’s growing? It wasn’t that big this morning, was it?” “No, it wasn’t.” Eighty thousand people in the Canadian city of Fort McMurray have been forced to flee their homes as a massive wildfire approaches. Authorities have issued a mandatory evacuation order for the city in the province of Alberta, which is in the heart of the country’s Oil Sands Region. “Well, it is disaster and I find that it’s not fair. They didn’t even let us take our things and when we asked them… So we lost everything now.” “And where is your house?” “It was at the campsite.” “So it’s going to sit right there?” “Yeah.” The blaze is about 267 miles northeast of Alberta’s state capital of Edmonton and stretches for 6,540 acres. Firefighters are continuing to tackle the blaze, but the local authorities have called for reinforcements, including a water-dumping helicopter. The city’s main southern exit, Highway 63, has been closed, prompting residents to head north towards the Oil Sands camps. The blaze, which started southwest of Fort McMurray, spread rapidly on Tuesday to the outskirts of the city, forcing the evacuation of the downtown area and almost every community in the lower town on the banks of the Clearwater and Athabasca Rivers. Weather forecasters expect a cold front to reach Fort McMurray by Wednesday afternoon, bringing increased winds that could make for a more difficult fire-fighting day.
Viktor Orban is the Hungarian Prime Minister. He is against migration there. He wants to stop it. Ten migrants try to cross the border to Serbia. This happens last year. Now, the migrants must go to trial in Hungary. This is the first time something like this comes to trial. Nine of the men must go to prison. However, they get free in the end. A person from the UN talks to the media after the trial. He says that he is worried.	The Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban is against migration there. He says that the EU risks losing another country if the migration is not stopped. Ten migrants came to trial for trying to illegally cross the border into Serbia last year. It is the first case of its kind to come to trial. Hungary sentenced nine of the men to nearly a year in jail, but then the country released them. After the trial, a United Nations spokesman said that he was worried that a country would criminalise people who are fleeing war zones.	A Hungarian court has sentenced 10 migrants up to three years in jail for attempting to illegally cross the border into Serbia during riots last year. It’s the first case of its kind to come to trial under a law passed days before the incident occurred. Nine of the men were sentenced to nearly a year in jail, however, they were released at the judge’s discretion  due to time already served. One of the group was kept behind bars after receiving a three-year sentence for issuing instructions to the rioters through a loudspeaker. Of those convicted, three were disabled one of whom was rolled across the border in a wheelbarrow by a helper. On hearing his sentence would be quashed , Fahdawy Chazy said no man in his condition could have committed the crime he was accused of. After attending the trial, a United Nations spokesman expressed concern that a country would criminalise people fleeing war zones, but Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban has taken a tough line against migration, saying the EU risks losing other migration- weary members that may follow Britain to exit unless it does the same.
A Japanese artist projects films on a face. He can make your face look like anything. He shows the technology to a group of people. Japanese culture, animation and technology inspire the artist and his team. The artist projects pictures of faces which are not symmetrical . Symmetrical faces do not look good. The artist and his team need more money. They want to take the project to the next level.	A Japanese artist found a way to project expressions onto people’s faces, so he created a facial mask. He and his team showed their 3D facial projection to a group of people in Tokyo. Traditional Japanese culture, animation and technology inspired the team. The team also discovered that projecting a symmetrical face feels unnatural . So they project an asymmetrical face instead. The artist and his team are looking for investors, so they can take their project to the next level.	We’ve all heard the saying ‘painting on a smile’. Well one Japanese artist has taken that phrase to a whole new level. Nobumichi Asai has found a way to project and map expressions onto people’s faces, effectively creating a facial mask. He and his team displayed their three-dimensional facial projection mapping system to a select group of spectators in Tokyo. The team drew inspiration from the sense of beauty inherent in traditional Japanese culture, animation and technology. But they quickly discovered that simply projecting a totally symmetrical face, seen typically in video games, would produce a “Barbie Doll” look, killing the realism. So they instead designed a face asymmetrically introducing subtle flaws . Asai and his team are currently looking for funding to take the project to the next level and are considering how they might be able to project on the human body next.
In World War II, Winston Churchill is a leader of the UK. Now many people remember his role in the war against the Nazis. However, other people remember how he did not help the Indian people. India is a part of the British Empire in the 1930s. Then Indian people do not have food. Many people die. Some people say that Churchill does not think good about Indians, people who work or women. However, many people think that he is a good leader because now many of live in free countries.	In WWII, Winston Churchill was the Prime Minister of the UK. Many people remember how he helped defend against the Nazi attacks. However, others remember him for how he did not help with a food crisis in India when 3 million Indians died. This was when India was in the British Empire. Some people say that he believed that Indians, working people and women were less than other people. It is also true that many people feel good about him because, thanks to him, many people are not living in a dictatorship, and they can think and say what they want.	Winston Churchill was the Prime Minister of the UK in WWII, and many people remember him for the way that he helped defend against the Nazi attacks. However, others remember him for his role in a famine in India when 3 million Indians died. This was when India was a part of the British Empire. People accuse Churchill of diverting millions of tonnes of wheat from Indian ports. People say that he thought that Indians were less than the British people. He also had negative views towards working people and women. Nevertheless, many people have positive attitudes towards Churchill. We are allowed to question him because, thanks to him, many of us are not under the rule of a dictatorship and it is his greatest achievement.
The ninth month of the Muslim year is Ramadan. Believers practice fasting during this month. Ramadan ends with Eid-al Fitr. It is the biggest festive event in Islam. Muslims all over the world come together and celebrate. One man talks on camera. He says that he believes in love and respect.	The ninth month of the Muslim year is Ramadan. Believers practice self-discipline during this month by fasting . Ramadan ends with Eid-al Fitr which is the biggest festive event in the religion of Islam. Muslims across the world came together to celebrate. At one event, media approach a man. He says that he believes that people should treat everyone with love and respect.	The ninth month of the Muslim year is Ramadan during which believers practice self-discipline through strict fasting from dawn to sunset. The month just concluded with Eid-al Fitr which marks the end of the holy month. It is the biggest festive event in the religion of Islam and Muslims across the world gather together to celebrate. Aslam Sheikh, a person that the media approached at a gathering, said that he believes that people should treat everyone with love and respect as the beloved prophet Muhammad instructed.
Christmas is coming. People put up Christmas trees. They put up a Christmas tree in Canberra, Australia. The tree is 22 metres tall. There are 518,838 lights on it. That is a lot! The tree sets a new world record. You can read the original story and watch the video in the Level 3 section.	It is not Christmas just yet, but Australia has something to celebrate already. The country broke the Guinness World Record for the most lights on an artificial Christmas tree. In Canberra, there are 518,838 lights on the 22-metre tree. Hundreds of people came for the confirmation of the world record. People volunteered to help with the Christmas tree.	It may not be Christmas just yet, but Australia certainly has something to celebrate. The country’s broken the Guinness World Record for the most lights on an artificial Christmas tree. This 22-metre tree has a total of 518,838 twinkling lights – yes, just over half a million, beating the 36-metre Japanese tree that it set a new benchmark earlier this month. Hundreds gathered in Canberra’s town centre for the confirmation it had broken the record that had been held for five years by Universal Studios Japan in Osaka. “We weren’t sure whether we would get the record. Guinness World Records flew in just to adjudicate our record tonight. Everything went according to plan and I was so relieved when the lights went on and the Guinness World Record representative said we have the new world record.” Various volunteers , including electrical and structural engineers, were called in to help create the masterpiece all in aid of charity.
In Manila, Philippines, there is a hotel and casino. A fire starts there. The fire kills four people. It traps other people. Three hundred guests have to evacuate . Helicopters help save some people. One woman says that she thinks that the fire starts at the ground floor . Then the fire quickly moves and grows. Police want to know where the fire starts. They do not know if it starts in the casino. They do not know if it starts in an area that is under construction .	In Manila, Philippines, a fire killed four people and trapped others at a hotel and casino complex . Over 300 guests had to evacuate with helicopters helping them. One woman said that she heard that the fire started at the ground floor and then it quickly progressed . Police said that it was unclear if the fire started in the casino or if it started in an area that was under construction.	In the Philippines, a fire killed four people and trapped others at the Manila Pavilion Hotel and Casino. Over 300 guests had to evacuate the complex with helicopters helping some people. One woman said that she heard that the fire started at the ground floor and then it quickly progressed. Police said that it was not obvious if the fire started in the casino or if it started in an area that was under construction at that time.
In October, British police find 39 dead people in a truck. The police also find some documents in the truck. The police believe that these people are Chinese. This does not seem to be true now. These people are probably Vietnamese. The police use different ways to find out who the people are. They check their teeth and their fingerprints . They also look at their DNA . This is a difficult situation for the families and communities of the dead people. Therefore, the police must work carefully. The police believe that the driver of the truck is the murderer .	In October, British police found 39 dead people in a truck. The police also found some documents in the truck which made them think that the people were Chinese. However, it seems that the dead people were Vietnamese. The police use various methods to find out who the dead people were. They compared their teeth and fingerprints , and they analyzed their DNA. They also considered the families of the dead people and their community. The police believe that the 25-year-old driver of the truck killed the people. They suspect him of human trafficking.	Previously, Essex Police found 39 dead people in a truck in England, and the police thought that they were Chinese. This was based on the documentation that they found in the truck. However, officials announced that the dead people are probably Vietnamese. Police used the international database, Interpol, to help them identify the bodies. Their methods included dental comparison , fingerprints , and DNA analysis. It was necessary to consider the needs of the relatives of the dead people, as well as the community. The 25-year-old driver of the truck is suspected of murder and human trafficking .
Here is news from Argentina. Scientists find some fossils . The bones are very old. They are the bones of dinosaurs. The bones are around 90 million years old. The bones are important to the scientists. The bones are very big. There are a lot of them, too. Experts find some teeth, as well. The teeth can tell them what this animal ate.	Scientists in Argentina discovered bones of one of the world’s largest dinosaurs. The fossils belonged to a sauropod and they are around 90 million years old. The bones are important because of their size. There are a lot of them, too. Experts also found a lot of teeth from carnivorous animals. The experts will be able to learn what these animals ate. Much about their old ecosystem can be learned, as well. The palaeontologists began to excavate last year. A ranch employee noticed the fossils first.	Palaeontologists in Argentina unearthed what they say is the remains of one of the world’s largest dinosaurs. According to the team, the fossils, which people found in Patagonia, belonged to a sauropod, a very large quadrupedal herbivorous dinosaur with a long neck and tail, small head, and massive limbs, with initial tests dating the fossils back at around 90 million years old. The experts also found a large number of teeth from carnivorous animals, which will allow them to learn what types of food the group of dinosaurs ate, telling them how the ecosystem functioned some 100 million years ago. The palaeontologists began excavating the site in 2013, after a ranch employee said that he stumbled  upon some fossils, with the team expecting to find at least seven more sets of remains.
There are many migrants in Turkey. They come mainly from Syria. They often come to Europe through Turkey. Turkey has a deal with the EU about migrants. However, Turkey has another idea now. Turkey does not want to stop the migrants on their way to Europe. Greece and Bulgaria are afraid. They close their borders with Turkey. Many migrants make camps on the Turkish border. They want to get to Greece. Greek police want to stop the migrants. They use tear gas to stop them. Last week, Greece returns 35,000 migrants to Turkey. Turkey sends 1,000 police officers to the border. They help solve the situation.	Last month, Turkey said that the country will not stop migrants on its border with Greece. Greece and Bulgaria reacted to the announcement , and both countries closed their borders. Thousands of migrants are coming to Europe, and they are making temporary camps on the Turkish border. Last week, Greek guards drove back nearly 35,000 migrants, and they arrested 240 people. The guards fired tear gas at migrants who tried to get to Greece. Turkey sent 1,000 police officers to help solve the situation. Greek officials said that they want to send back all migrants who come to Greece illegally after March 1st.	Last Friday, Greek police fired tear gas at migrants who were trying to enter the country through its border with Turkey. Last month, Turkish officials announced that the country will no longer block a migrant route into Europe. As a result of the influx of migrants, both Greece and Bulgaria shut down their borders. Now, thousands of migrants, some of whom are fleeing Syria, are setting up temporary camps on the Turkish side of the border. Turkey said that it is sending 1,000 police officers to the area to help deal with the push back from Greek border guards. Since Saturday, Greek guards have driven back nearly 35,000 migrants along the border, and they arrested more than 240 people. Greek officials say that they plan to deport all migrants who entered the country illegally after March 1st.
Big Ben is a famous clock. It is in London. It stands over the Houses of Parliament. People must maintain it. They maintain it between 1983 and 1985. They also maintain it in 2007. Now, they must maintain it again. The whole tower must be reconstructed . This will take four years. It will cost £29 million.	People came to see Big Ben’s last chime in London. The world-famous clock, which stands over the Houses of Parliament, will be under restoration for four years. However, it will still ring on some important events. This is not the first time in history that The Great Bell has stopped. People stopped it for maintenance work between 1983 and 1985, and again in 2007. Big Ben’s keeper says that the project, which will cost people £29 million, is very important. He also thinks that the tower is an ‘international symbol of democracy’.	Big Ben, the world-famous clock that stands over the Houses of Parliament in London, has chimed for the last time before four years of restoration work begins. The bell will still ring during events such as New Year’s Eve and Remembrance Sunday , however. This is not the first time in history that The Great Bell has ceased chiming – people stopped it for maintenance work between 1983 and 1985, and then again in 2007. The Keeper of the Clock believes that this is a ‘ crucial conservation project’, adding that it is an ‘international symbol of democracy’. Restoration on the Elizabeth Tower, which houses the world-famous clock, will cost taxpayers £29 million.
Libraries in Japan use special machines. The machines sterilize books. When you sterilize, you make something clean and safe. How does the machine work? People put a book inside. They close the door of the machine. The machine moves the pages. It clears the dust. A special light kills bacteria . The process is 30 seconds long. People take the book out. They take it home. They return the book later. They use the machine again. More than 3 million machines are in Japanese libraries. Some people do not believe that the machines really work. Many people still use them. Many old people go to a library. The coronavirus is dangerous for them. It is important to keep old people safe.	Libraries in Japan use special machines that sterilize books. Visitors can use the machine when they borrow books and also when they return them. It takes 30 seconds to sterilize a book. The machine moves the pages and clears out dust. Special light kills bacteria and makes the books safe and clean. Some people do not know if the machine really works, but they say that it is better to do something than nothing. Libraries started to use the machines in 2018, and now there are more than three million machines in Japanese libraries. There is the coronavirus right now, and people are using the machines more and more. Many elderly borrow books from libraries, and it is important to keep the elderly safe.	Libraries in Japan use machines that sterilize books using UV light . According to a Japanese information media for foreign residents, there are more than three million machines installed in public libraries throughout the country. It takes 30 seconds to sterilize a book and it turns the pages to clear out dust. Visitors can use the machine once they have borrowed a book and then again upon its return. Sterilizing machines give visitors reassurance to take out publications during the coronavirus pandemic; however, it is not required to use them. Although some libraries had a machine installed in 2018, they are now being used three times as much. Many of libraries´ patrons are elderly, and so keeping them safe is extra important. Japan has avoided a vast number of COVID-19 cases and deaths; however, the country is now experiencing a third wave .
This news is from New York, USA. An accident happens there. A crane falls down. The crane is really big. It is 330 tonnes heavy. The crane destroys houses and cars. It kills some people, too. People must leave the area. A bride is in this area. She must get to the New York city hall. Her wedding is there. But there is chaos everywhere. Firefighters help her. She gets to the wedding.	A bride was in a salon in New York when a nearby 330-tonne crane fell down. On her way to the New York city hall, she got caught  up in the chaos. The crane destroyed buildings, cars and many lives. Firefighters evacuated the aera. Why the crane collapsed is not yet known. The bride was fine. Firefighters helped her so she could get to her wedding.	Pre-wedding jitters for any bride is normal, worrying about the possibility of a huge crane collapsing in the city where you’re going to get married, is less usual. This Toronto bride was on her way to get married at New York City Hall when she got caught up in the chaos of the collapsed 330-tonne construction crane. The area’s been evacuated by firefighters at the scene and the cause of the crane’s descent remains unclear. The bride, Nash Pillai, was with her sister and mother at a nearby hair salon when the crane fell in downtown Manhattan. But the shocking incident was no obstacle for the bride who can be seen being escorted through the crash by firefighters just so that she could make her own wedding. One valiant firefighting even lent her his jacket, but the incident has destroyed buildings and cars in its wake as well as many lives.
This news is about a man. He is from Wales. He takes £40,000 from an old person. The man must go to court , but he does not want to go. He tells people he is very ill. He says that he cannot move his legs or arms. The man is a liar . Police find a security camera of him. In the video, he can walk and drive a car. Police show the video to the man. He says that he is guilty .	A man from Wales took more than £40,000 from an elderly neighbour. He didn’t want to appear in court, so he told people he suffered from quadriplegia . Sadly, for the liar, South Wales Police found security camera videos of him. They saw him driving a car and walking around a supermarket. The man finally came to court. He was in a wheelchair and had a neck  brace . The court showed the video to him and he had to admit all charges .	Police in Wales released this surveillance footage on Thursday showing a man, who claims to suffer from quadriplegia , driving a car and walking unassisted . It’s believed Allan Knight from Swansea told authorities that he suffered from the illness to avoid appearing in court on charges of theft and forgery after he allegedly took more than £40,000 from an elderly neighbour. Knight can be seen driving the car into the petrol station and then getting out unaided . He can later be seen getting back into the car and driving off. Allan Knight appeared at Swansea Crown Court on Tuesday in a wheelchair and a neck brace. He was then presented with the surveillance footage discovered by South Wales Police which showed him driving a car and walking around a supermarket. After seeing the footage, Knight admitted all charges and is due to face sentencing next month.
A birch is a tree. It has a smooth bark which is usually white. Many people like to drink birch sap . Sap is the juice inside the tree. People make a hole in the tree. The sap comes out. It comes out very slowly. People usually leave a bottle there and then they leave. When they come back, the bottle is full. Now, there is an app . The app sends a message to a person´s phone when the bottle is full. People believe that birch sap is very healthy. But scientists say that it is not so special. Many people drink it because their parents and grandparents do it, too. People often use the same tree. The sap has no color. It is sweet when it is fresh. It gets sour after a few days.	Birch sap is the juice inside a birch tree. Many people believe that it is very healthy and they tap birch trees to get the sap. The sap is clear and it has no color. When people drink it fresh, it tastes sweet, but after two or three days, it starts to get sour. The reason is that the sugar in the sap turns into alcohol. People in Latvia started to use a special app. They tap a birch and the app sends them a message when it is time to collect the sap. Scientists say that birch sap is not as healthy as people think. Many people today drink the sap because their grandparents and parents did it. Often, they used the same tree.	Birch sap is the sap directly tapped from birch trees, and it may be consumed both fresh and naturally fermented . When fresh, it´s a clear and uncolored liquid, often slightly sweet with a slightly silky texture. After two to three days, the sap starts fermenting and the taste becomes more acidic. Many Latvians annually tap birches for their sap during a short season lasting for only a few weeks. To make the collection of the sap more convenient, a team of developers designed internet-connected containers which alert users when they´re full. Many Latvians ascribe healing powers to birch sap, even though experts say that the vitamin and mineral content is low. According to a survey, most people tap birches because their grandparents and parents did it and they´ve been tapping birch sap from an early age, often using the same tree.
This news is about an animal. It lived 580 million years ago. Experts find fossils of this animal. They study the fossils. It takes them many years. Finally, they know what the animal looked like. It was a strange animal. It was 5 centimetres long. It had seven pairs of legs. There were teeth in its throat. Its name is “Hallucigenia”.	An animal, which is distantly related to modern-day insects, died 580 million years ago. Experts discovered its fossils around 50 years ago. After so many years, experts now know what the animal looked like. It was about 5 centimetres long and had a worm-like formation. It had seven pairs of legs and a throat full of teeth. The animal’s name is “Hallucigenia”. The scientists are now working to create a study about the animal.	Scientists have finally pieced together fossils of an animal, which was discovered more than half a century ago. They put the fossils in an electron microscope, initially hoping to find eyes, but they were astonished to find teeth smiling back at them. The animal is known as Hallucigenia and had a worm-like formation . It was about 5 centimetres long, had seven pairs of legs ending in claws, and long spines sprouting from its back. Its mouth was encased in teeth, which also lined its throat, and may have been able to flex in and out as the animal pulled in food. The creature is distantly related to modern-day insects and died in mud 508 million years ago.
Nine people die. This happens in South Carolina, USA. The killing is racially motivated . The President of the United States, Barack Obama, talks about this. He says that people are still racist. The USA has a history of slavery . It is in the American DNA . It cannot be changed overnight.	Last week, nine people died in South Carolina. The murder was racially motivated. The President of the United States, Barack Obama, commented on this in an interview. He said that the American nation is not cured of racism, and that it is more than not using the n word in public. The society has changed, but the legacy of slavery is still in the American DNA. It is a shadow which cannot be changed overnight.	Barack Obama says the United States has not yet overcome its history of racism and he used the n word , an offensive racial slur to highlight his point. He commented in an interview on a US podcast while speaking about the debate over race and guns after the racially motivated murder of nine churchgoers in Charleston South Carolina last week. Mr. Obama told the comedian mark Marc Maron, “We’re not cured of racism and it’s not just a matter of it not being polite to use the n word in public. It’s not a measure of whether racism exists or not. Societies don’t overnight completely erase everything that happened 200 to 300 years prior .” The US President also added while he thinks attitudes towards race have changed in his lifetime, the legacy of slavery casts a long shadow that’s still part of our DNA that’s passed on. He expressed his frustration of the strong grip the National Rifle Association has on congress after the Sandy Hook massacre where 20 children and six teachers were killed in a school in Connecticut three years ago. The alleged 21-year-old gunman Dylann Storm Roof faces nine counts of murder in connection with the Charleston shooting.
Cadbury is a famous British chocolate brand . It has 300 scientists. They make new types of chocolate. One scientist is very important to Cadbury. She has very good taste buds . Cadbury wants to protect her taste buds. The company insures her taste buds for 1 million pounds. The scientist must be careful. She must protect her taste buds. She must not eat fugu fish. She must not eat some chilli peppers. However, she can eat chocolate and get money for it!	Cadbury is a famous British chocolate brand, and recently it insured the taste buds of one of its scientists for 1 million pounds. The scientist works as part of a 300-strong team of inventors in the innovation kitchen in Birmingham. The company says that her expert taste buds are very important for making sure that all of Cadbury’s new creations meet their highest standards. The scientist must protect her taste buds. For example, she must not eat the fugu fish or some chilli peppers. On the other hand, she gets paid to taste chocolate.	Taste buds are as important to Cadbury, a world-famous chocolate brand, as legs are to a top footballer. The company has had one of their scientist’s taste buds insured for 1 million pounds. The scientist works as part of a 300-strong team of inventors in the innovation kitchen in Birmingham. The company says that her expert taste buds are essential for making sure that all of Cadbury’s new creations meet its highest standards. To avoid rendering the insurance void , she needs to not take up sword swallowing, eat fugu fish, or the hottest of chilli peppers. None of these sound more appealing than getting paid to taste chocolate!
This news is from Australia. Terrorists plan to bring down an aeroplane. Police know about the plan. The police attack the terrorists. They arrest four men. Officials  put more security measures in place at Australian airports.	Terrorists in Sydney, Australia, plotted to take down an aeroplane, but the police knew about this. They attacked the terrorists and arrested four men last weekend. The government also put into place additional security  measures at Australia’s biggest airports.	In Australia, heavily armed officers raided homes in several Sydney suburbs during the night last weekend. They arrested four men over a plot to bring down an aeroplane. The Australian Prime Minister reported that there was a major joint counter -terrorism operation to disrupt a terrorist plot to bring down an aeroplane. The government also put in place additional security measures at Australia’s major airports last Thursday. In Australia, the terror threat level has been at ‘ probable ’ since September 2014.
A sinkhole appears on a farm. The farm is in New Zealand. The sinkhole is very big. It is as long as two football fields. It is as deep as a six- storey building.	On a farm in New Zealand, a very big sinkhole appeared that is 200 metres long and 20 metres deep. It is as long as two football fields and as deep as a six-storey building. A worker discovered it by chance when he was rounding up cows.	A huge 200-metre-long and 20-metre-deep sinkhole appeared on a farm in New Zealand. That is the equivalent of two football fields and a six-storey building. A worker stumbled upon it before dawn while rounding up cows for milking. Experts said that the cavity would have been present from rainfall for over 100 years.
This news is from western India. A bus is on a mountain road. It carries 34 people. They are on a picnic trip. The bus drives off the road. It falls down a deep valley . One man jumps out of the bus before it falls down. That man survives . People find 12 dead bodies. Everyone else is probably dead. Roads in India are deadly. More than 110,000 people die there every year.	A bus in western India fell off of a mountain road when it was carrying 34 employees on a private picnic trip. Only one man survived because he jumped out of the bus before it fell. So far , people recovered twelve bodies, and sadly, the rest of the people are probably dead, too. India has some of the world’s deadliest roads. More than 110,000 people die every year.	In western India, a bus was carrying 34 employees on a private picnic trip when it plunged off of a mountain road. One man survived after jumping out of the bus before it fell into a deep gorge . People recovered a dozen bodies since the accident, and the rest are feared dead, too. India has some of the world’s deadliest roads – more than 110,000 people die every year.
There is a robbery in a museum in the Netherlands. Thieves come at night. They have a big hammer. They break the glass front door. The burglar alarm starts to ring. However, the thieves are very quick. They steal only one painting. They run away. The police come too late. They do not catch the thieves. The thieves steal a painting than can cost £5 million. Vincent Van Gogh paints it in 1884. The thieves steal this painting on March 30. It is a special date. Vincent Van Gogh is born on March 30, 167 years ago. The police do not know who the thieves are. They also do not know where the painting is.	Thieves stole a painting by Vincent Van Gogh from a Dutch museum. Van Gogh made the painting in 1884, and experts say that its value can be £5 million. The museum was closed because of the coronavirus, and the thieves broke in the night of March 30. They used a big hammer to break the glass front door. The burglar alarm started to ring; however, the thieves run away before police officers came. The police haven´t caught the thieves, and they are still looking for the painting. The thieves did not steal any other painting. The robbery happened on the same day when Vincent Van Gogh was born 167 years ago.	A painting by Vincent Van Gogh with an estimated value of up to £5 million has been stolen from a Dutch museum. The painting stolen was Van Gogh´s ´Parsonage Garden at Nuenen in Spring´, and it was painted in 1884. A CCTV camera showed a sledgehammer being used in the raid at the Singer Laren museum in the Netherlands that was closed due to the coronavirus pandemic. The incident happened in the early hours of March 30. The burglar alarm was triggered by the break-in; however, the thieves had run away by the time police officers arrived. The painting was a loan from another museum, and it was stolen on the day Van Gogh was born 167 years ago. The painting is still missing, and no arrests have been made.
People protest in Hong Kong against the government. They do this since last June. They are in favor of democracy. Hong Kong is now under control of Mainland China. Hong Kong was an independent country before. Protesters cover their faces with masks. They do not want people to know who they are. Hong Kong leader, Carrie Lam, does not like the face masks. She thinks protesters can be violent people. She brings back an anti -mask law. She thinks that the law can stop violent protesters. Now protestors cannot wear masks. If they do, police can send them to prison. They can pay a penalty . People can wear masks only for special reasons like religious, medical or professional use.	Hong Kong is under pressure over the last four months. Protesters, who are in favor of democracy and are against the current government, wear masks to protect their identities. The Hong Kong government used the colonial-era Emergency Regulations Ordinance to stop the use of face masks. If protesters do not respect the law they can get a fine, and they can be sent to prison for a year. A police officer can ask a person to remove the mask. If the person refuses, he can pay a fine, and he could be sent to prison for six months. The government said some people can use masks for medical, professional, or religious use.	Protests in Hong Kong have continued for nearly four months now. Protesters do not accept Hong Kong to be part of Mainland China, and they oppose the current government. Demonstrators and rioters hide their identities with masks. The situation is getting worse and more dangerous. The chief executive in council decided at a special meeting to increase the government’s power under the Emergency Regulations Ordinance. This law bans masks. Hong Kong ‘s political leader, Carrie Lam, thinks that this law can stop violent protesters. According to the government, the law will start on Saturday. The law does not allow the use of masks except for medical reasons and for special reasons such as religion and for work. Violators of the law will have to pay a 25,000.00 Hong Kong dollar fine and go to jail for one year. If a person does not remove his mask after a police officer asks, he can get a fine of 10,000.00 Hong Kong dollars and go to jail for six months.
This news is from France. There was an attack on people in the town of Nice. People put down flowers and candles for the people who are dead. People out in the streets are scared and angry. One lady says that people think that these attacks always happen in other places. But when the attack happens in your home, it touches you directly . Another lady is angry. She says that people need more protection from these attacks. People feel nervous. They don’t know when these attacks will end.	There was an attack on a people in France again. People put down flowers and candles for those who died in the attack. This time, it happened in Nice. People who met in the streets are scared and angry. One lady said that people think that these attacks always happen in other places. But when it happens in your home, it touches you directly. Another lady was angry and she shouted that there was a lack of security that allowed the attacks to happen.	It is a desperately sad scene now played out in France with desperately sad regularity . The flowers, the candles, the tears, so many tears, just this time in a different corner of this country. The people of this sun-blessed city suddenly feel engulfed in a darkness of the terrorists’ making . “Very, very scared. We always think that everything happens everywhere but not in our city. But when it happens to your home, you feel very touched directly.” The presidential motorcade speed passed increasingly agitated crowds. “There is anger here, undiluted anger.” The screaming woman is furious at the lack of security, they believed, allowed the attacks to happen. “There is no security. The forces of order, the police doesn’t act to assure the security of people, of tourists, of us who are living here. People are angry, yes, I think they’re angry.” These are people who feel vulnerable and exposed and nervous, and every one of them is wondering when  on earth it will all end.
There is a tornado in Maryland, USA. A woman sees it. It cuts down trees. Her friend is in his car. She hopes that he is OK. A moment later, his car flips . He is fine. Only his foot is injured . He calls his friend. He tells her what happened .	A woman in Maryland, USA saw a tornado coming. She could see that it was cutting down trees. Her friend was in his car and she hoped that he would be OK. The man’s car flipped in the strong wind, and his foot was injured but he was OK. He called her after the incident to tell her what happened.	A man in Maryland, USA was sitting in his car when it flipped over along with other nearby cars from a powerful wind. A friend of the man described seeing something like a tornado coming. She hoped that the man would be OK, but she received a call from him a moment later only to find out that his car had flipped with him inside. The man said that he was OK, apart from his foot being cut up. Meteorologists agree with the witness, saying that it was likely a tornado which overturned the cars, tore down trees and utility poles and damaged buildings.
This happens in Ottawa. Ottawa is a city in Canada. A man shoots a soldier. The soldier dies. The man then runs into the Parliament building. Police get inside the building. The police and the man shoot at each other . The police shoot the man dead. A series of shootings happened in Ottawa. Police look for the suspects .	A man shot a soldier at a war memorial in Ottawa, Canada. The gunman then ran into the nearby Parliament building. Police and the man exchanged  gunfire in the building. It is believed that they fired up to 30 shots. The police then shot the gunman dead. Police now look for suspects after a series of shootings in Ottawa.	This chilling  footage shows the moment Canadian police confront a gunman who shot a soldier at a war memorial in Ottawa. After shooting the soldier, the gunman ran into the nearby Parliament building where he exchanged gunfire with police. Security officials can be seen walking through the corridor in the building, looking for the gunman. A number of shots can then be heard, it’s believed that there were up to 30 fired, according to media and eyewitnesses . Security officials then run in the direction of the gunfire. Police are now looking for several suspects after a series of shootings in Ottawa that has left one soldier dead. It has also been reported that a suspected gunman was then shot dead inside the parliament building.
This news is from California. A pipeline breaks. Oil is in this pipeline. The oil comes out of the pipeline. It gets into the sea. The oil pollutes a beach. People must clean it. They clean it all day and night. There is also an oil slick in the water. It is nine miles long. A company operates the pipeline. It said sorry for this. People want to know why this happened.	An underground pipeline suddenly burst on Tuesday morning, and as much as 397 cubic metres of oil gushed into the sea. The oil blackened a 4-mile beach in California and left two oil  slicks in the water. Clean-up crews worked all day and all night for three days to remove the oil. The company responsible for the pipeline publicly apologised. People are now investigating the incident.	Clean-up crews are working around the clock for a third day to remove patches of oil that have stained a beach and fouled offshore waters in California. Investigators are now looking into how tens of thousands of gallons of oil spewed into the sea off Santa Barbara. As much as 105,000 gallons (397 cubic metres) of crude oil gushed onto San Refugio State Beach and into the sea when an underground pipeline suddenly burst on Tuesday morning. The torrent of oil streamed down a canyon, under a culvert and out onto the once- pristine beach, blackening a 4-mile stretch of sand and rocks. It also left two oil slicks in the water spanning more than 9 miles. The company responsible for the pipeline has publicly apologised and has said it shut off the flow about 30 minutes after operators detected pressure irregularities . State and local prosecutors are now investigating the incident to see if criminal charges could be brought, or if there are grounds for civil liability .
This news is about rhinos. Around 20,000 rhinos live in South Africa. That is about 80 per cent of all the rhinos in the world. Sadly, these rhinos are not safe. Poachers kill them. People and drones protect the rhinos, but they are not enough. South Africa needs something better. People there train dogs. People can only see poachers, but dogs can smell them. South Africa hopes that the dogs will help. People also move some rhinos to other countries. They will be safer there.	There are around 20,000 rhinos in South Africa. That is about 80 per cent of the wild rhino population. Sadly, poachers slaughter these animals for their horns . South Africa uses drones and rangers to protect the animals, but they are not enough. People there are building an army of trained dogs. Humans can only watch out for the poachers, but dogs can smell them. This is very useful. South Africa hopes that the dogs will help protect the rhinos. People also move some rhinos to other countries where they will be safer.	South Africa is building an army of trained dogs in the hope that they could help defeat  poachers , which are responsible for a record of 1,020 rhino deaths so far this year. Despite using drones and more rangers for stronger surveillance , the South African Government is still desperately struggling to effectively curb cross-border rhino poaching. “In the fight against rhino poaching, the dog’s nose has been proven invaluable in fighting poachers, where our human trackers which rely solely on their eyesight cannot see sport due to environmental condition, be that anything from vegetation or rocky outcrops . The dog’s sense of smell has proven superior in scenarios like that.” South Africa currently has rhino population of about 20,000, which accounts for about 80 per cent of the wild rhino population worldwide. In the struggle to curb poachers coming from across the world to slaughter rhinos for their horns, South Africa has to relocate some of the animals to neighbouring countries where they face less attention from poachers.
A man is in a park in Mexico. It is a beautiful park. The man goes for a swim. A big crocodile appears in the water. The man is in great shock. He starts swimming fast to the shore . The crocodile follows him. The man must escape it! Some people watch the incident. One of them has a good idea. He or she throws something big in the water. This makes the crocodile stop.	A man went for a swim in a beautiful, remote park in Mexico. He got the shock of his life when a huge crocodile appeared and started following him. The man swam to shore as fast as he could to escape the croc. The incident was watched by a group of tourists who were on a bridge. Luckily, one of them had a good idea. He or she threw a big object into the water to make the crocodile stop.	In a beautiful, remote part of Mexico, a huge crocodile gave a swimmer the shock of his life when it chased him to shore. He frantically tried to reach the beach while the massive animal stalked him. Above on Boca Panila Bridge, panicked tourists watched in horror as the man made a beeline for dry land. A quick-thinking onlooker threw a big object in the water that stopped the snapper in his tracks . People think that a man named Manuel Carrea may have filmed this and he hoped that the footage would advise tourists not to feed the local wildlife. They certainly might think twice about it now!
This news is from Sydney. A new bar opens there. It has an opening ceremony . It has something unusual at the ceremony. Women lie on the tables. They are topless . There is fruit on them. People eat the fruit. People take pictures of this. They put the pictures on the Internet. Most people are shocked when they see this. Not everybody is shocked, however. One man says that this is a storm in a teacup .	Recently, a new bar opened in Sydney. Part of the bar’s opening ceremony was something a little unusual. The fruit platters were topless women! People took pictures of the women who were lying on large wooden tables. They uploaded the pictures to social media which led to a backlash . One user could not believe that something like this would happen in this day and age. However, not everyone was so shocked. One user called all of it a storm in a teacup .	A bar in Australia has come under fire after using semi -naked women as fruit platters. Pictures posted on social media show the women lying topless on large wooden tables as part of the tropical- themed opening night celebrations at Sydney Harbour’s Cruise Bar. Intentionally or otherwise, the stunt has provoked a social media backlash . This Facebook user says they can’t believe that in this day and age anyone would consider it acceptable to display young women as fruit platters. On Twitter, the reaction is much the same. Surely at some point, this user says, someone puts up their hand and says serving fruit off topless women may not be the greatest idea. Not everyone shared their disgust, however – this user taking a lighter view, calling it all a  storm in a teacup .
The US state of Texas has a new law. It is an abortion law. An abortion is when a doctor ends a baby for a pregnant woman. Sometimes the baby is very ill. Sometimes it is dangerous for the woman. Many people believe that every woman can decide if she wants a baby or not. People protest in Texas. They do not like the new law. The law says it is not possible to do an abortion if the woman is more than six weeks pregnant. Six weeks pregnant is very early. Many women do not even know that they are pregnant. Everyone can sue  abortion clinics . People can get more than 10,000 dollars if they win. Some people take pictures of women before abortion clinics. They want the money. The US president Joe Biden says that he wants to change the law.	The US state of Texas has a new abortion law which is the strictest in the US. The law stops abortions after about six weeks of pregnancy , which is the time when many women do not even know that they are pregnant. People could sue abortion clinics , and if they win, they could get more than 10,000 dollars, which could make someone report women, who want to have an abortion. This already happened when people took pictures of women before abortion clinics. People protested in Texas after the law started. Some politicians were against the law because they believed that every woman could decide if she wanted to have a child or not. The US president Joe Biden said he agreed with that, and he said he would try to change the law.	Protesters gathered in Texas after the most extreme abortion law in the US began. Texas started the strictest anti-abortion law in the country, banning all abortions after about six weeks of pregnancy, which is before most women know they´re pregnant. The most extreme part of the law gives private citizens the power to sue abortion providers and anyone who helps or abets an abortion after six weeks. Citizens who win such lawsuits would get at least 10,000 dollars. There is concern that the law will incentivize bad behavior and encourage abortion ´ bounty hunters´ or people that report women who are trying to access health care in Texas. There have been cases of people outside of clinics recording license plates and taking pictures of people going into clinics. Despite legal efforts to stop the law, the US Supreme Court failed to act on an emergency request by abortion rights groups. The Biden government said that it would fight to protect the right to abortion.
HBO Max is taking away a movie from its library. The movie is called “Gone with the Wind”. The movie is a love story. The story takes place during the Civil War in the USA. Slaves are in the movie. Most people know this movie. It is an important movie. However, many people do not like it. The movie shows racism . HBO Max plans to put the movie back in the library. However, HBO wants to add some information about history to the movie. People must understand history better. HBO says that people must understand that racism in the movie is wrong. They must understand that racism today is wrong, too.	HBO Max is taking away the movie “Gone with the Wind” from its library. The movie is a love story that takes place during the Civil War in the USA. People consider it an American classic ; however, the movie is very controversial . Many people do not like it because it shows slavery in America. HBO Max said that the movie was a product of its time . An HBO spokesperson said that racism in the movie was wrong, and it is wrong today, too. HBO Max plans to put the movie back in its library; however, the network wants to add information about history to it. The spokesperson said that it was not good to keep the movie in its library and not explain that slavery was bad.	HBO Max is temporarily removing the “Gone with the Wind” movie from its library. The movie is a love story that takes place during the American Civil War. It is considered an American classic; however, it also draws controversy for its depictions of slavery. HBO Max called the movie a product of its time . An HBO spokesperson said that the racist depictions were wrong then, and they are wrong today, too. The network thinks that to keep the movie in its library without an explanation and a denouncement of those depictions would be irresponsible. HBO Max plans to add the movie back to its library later; however, there will be added historical context.
In Missouri, USA, a boy climbs in a tree. Suddenly, insects attack him. He falls onto a meat skewer . The skewer goes into his head. It passes by important arteries in his brain. Doctors at the University of Kansas take out the skewer. About 100 doctors help the boy.  The doctors say that his survival is amazing.	In Missouri, USA, Xavier Cunningham was in a tree when insects attacked him. He fell onto a meat skewer which went into his skull, but it passed by major arteries in his brain. Doctors at the University of Kansas were able to remove it with about 100 surgeons and doctors helping the boy in operations. The doctors said that his survival was ‘ miraculous ’.	In Missouri, USA, Xavier Cunningham climbed in a tree when insects attacked him, and he fell onto a meat skewer which went into his skull. It passed by major arteries in his brain, and doctors at the University of Kansas Health System were able to remove it. About 100 people worked on helping Xavier. Brain surgeons, ENT surgeons, paediatric ICU doctors, trauma doctors, and anaesthesia doctors helped him. The doctors said that his survival was ‘ miraculous ’.
There is a special cat in London. It is a leopard. It is not a real animal. It is only a machine. It looks like a real animal. People are afraid when they see the leopard. A man makes this animal for two months. He says that on the street the cat does not move. It only moves its tail from one side to another. But when people go near it, it makes noises and moves its face. Leopards are in danger . People destroy their place of living. Leopards now live closer to people than before. This project wants to inform people about the problems of the big cats. It wants to make conflicts between people and big cats smaller.	National Geographic Wild introduced the first animatronic leopard. The channel created the big cat to inform about serious threats to the animal. The channel introduced it at the beginning of the Big Cat Week on the channel. Someone put the leopard on the streets of London and it scared some local people. The creator worked for over two months on the animatronic cat. He explained that on the street, the cat will just be lying down and doing almost nothing. It will just move its tail from one side to another. But when people go near, it will start to make noises and will move its face. The main threat to leopards is the destruction of 90% of their natural environment. The big cats must share their territory with people. This project wants to inform people about the problem and start new strategies to help the big cat. It wants to reduce human and big cat conflicts.	National Geographic Wild has introduced the first of a hyper-realistic animatronic leopard. The channel created the big cat to raise awareness about serious threats to the animal and to mark the beginning of the Big Cat Week on the channel. People saw the leopard on the streets of London and it scared them. It took over two months to create the animatronic cat. The creator explained how the cat works. He also explained that on the street the cat will just be lying and doing almost nothing. It will just move its tail from one side to another. But when people go near, it will start to make noises and it will use facial expressions. The main threat to leopards is the destruction of 90% of their natural environment. The big cats have no choice but to share their territory with man. This project hopes to raise awareness and put into practice strategies to reduce human and big cat conflicts.
In Sydney, Australia, two men attack another man. They kick him and shoot him four times. This happens outside a gay club. A security camera films the attack. The attack happened in 2013. Now, there is a trial . People show the video at court . The men injured the victim, but he lived.	In Sydney, Australia, two men attacked another man outside a gay club. They kicked the victim and shot him four times but he survived. The incident took place in May, 2013, and a security camera filmed it. People made the video public after they showed it in court. Lawyers charged one suspect with attempted murder .	This CCTV footage shows the attempted  murder of an Australian man outside a gay sex club in Sydney. The horrific video shows the victim running and crawling away from two masked men who kick him before shooting him several times. Later in the video, the victim appears to run into the club via an access door to get away from the men. The incident took place in May 2013 outside “Arrows” nightclub located in the Sydney suburb Rydalmare and has been made public after it was shown at the trial of a man charged with attempted murder. The suspect pleaded not guilty to five charges, including shooting with intent to murder. Local media have said that the Arrows club is a secure, relaxed environment where gay and bi people can meet and socialise together 24 hours a day. The Crown prosecutor told the court the victim sustained numerous injuries, including a ruptured kidney and lacerated liver but survived being shot four times.
There is war in Myanmar. People die. People are displaced . Women are raped . There is a camp in Myanmar. People without homes are in this camp. They have no families. The camp is not completely safe. If the Myanmar Army comes, the men can rape the girls. An organisation wants to help the girls. They organise karate lessons for them. The girls train every day. When they get in danger, they can fight back.	There is war in Myanmar in which many people die, are displaced and raped . The Myanmar Army uses rape as a weapon against its enemies. An organisation arranged karate lessons at a camp for the internally displaced . These girls lost their homes and families and now are learning to protect themselves against rape.	Myanmar’s long-running ethnic war has seen many people killed, displaced and raped. Rape is something that the Myanmar Army has been using as a weapon in its conflicts with ethnic armies, although it consistently denies this. Fighting in remote Kachin State flared again in recent months, prompting renewed fears for the safety of the civilians there. To help protect women from rape, a community-based Kachin organisation arranged karate lessons at a camp for the internally displaced . The instructor drills the young students, who have lost their homes and families, every afternoon.
This news is from Shanghai. Shanghai is a city in China. A shopping centre in Shanghai opens a slide . The slide is 54 metres long. It goes from the fifth floor to the ground floor. The ride lasts only 16 seconds. People are excited about the slide. They want to bring their children to it. However, children must be 3 years or older. They must be at least 1 metre tall, too.	A shopping centre that is in Shanghai, China’s financial hub , is opening a slide. The slide is 54 metres long and it goes from the fifth floor to the ground floor. The journey from the top to the bottom lasts just 16 seconds. The centre has not opened the slide yet, but customers are excited about it. Some say that they want to bring their kids. Others wish that the slide was see-through . When it opens on the 15th of March, only one person can go at a time. Riders must be over three years old and at least 1 metre tall.	If you’ve ever felt too lazy to take the stairs or escalators down in a shopping centre but wanted more of an adrenalin rush than a lift will give you, this shopping mall in China has the answer: a 54-metre slide, shaped like a curling dragon, which winds from the fifth floor to the ground floor of a shopping mall in China’s financial hub city of Shanghai. To avoid a sudden dive from a height, the slide curves around with a journey from top to bottom lasting just 16 seconds. Even though it hasn’t opened yet, customers are keen to try it out with some saying they want to bring their kids, though, others wish the slide was see-through. When it does open on the 15th of March, only one person will be allowed on it at a time and riders must be over three-years-old and at least 3.5 feet tall (1 metre). It’s also free to customers, so your bank balance won’t slide with you.
In Georgia, a football game is happening. A dog comes onto the football pitch . It stops the game. It wants to play with the football players. It delights the fans. It runs around for three minutes. One player runs with it off the field. The teams score 0-0 in this game.	In Georgia, a dog came onto a football pitch for three minutes during a game. It stopped the game and delighted fans, as it wanted to play with the athletes . Eventually, one player directed it off the field by acting playful with it. The teams scored 0-0 in this game.	A dog came onto the football pitch for three minutes in Gori, Georgia, during a National Football League game between Torpedo Kutaisi and Dila Gori. The dog stopped the game and delighted fans, as it wanted to play with the athletes. Eventually, David Khurtsilava directed it off the field by acting playful with it. The teams scored 0-0 in this game.
Ramadan begins on Friday. Ramadan is the 9 th month of the Muslim year. Muslims do not eat or drink between sunrise and sunset. People meet after sunset. People eat and pray together. The coronavirus is in many Muslim countries. People must stay home. They must follow some rules to stop the coronavirus. It is difficult to follow the rules during Ramadan. Muslims usually meet in mosques. A mosque is a place where Muslims pray. However, many mosques are closed. Some Muslim leaders do their religious lessons online . Sometimes they broadcast their lessons on TV or radio. However, for many Muslims, this year´s Ramadan is very difficult.	The holy month of Ramadan began on Friday, and Muslims worldwide started 30 days of fasting . The fasting lasts from sunrise to sunset, and after sunset, people meet to eat and pray together. The coronavirus is in many Muslim countries. It is not easy to eat and pray safely because people must follow strict rules. In many places, people must stay at home. Some mosques are open; however, many mosques closed their doors to help stop the coronavirus. In the US, some Muslim leaders post their religious lessons online. It is also possible to broadcast their prayers. However, many Muslims say that it is very difficult to follow the rules of Ramadan.	Muslims worldwide observed the first day of the holy month of Ramadan on Friday. The holy month is marked by 30 days of fasting from sunrise to sunset and traditionally highlighted by communal meals and daily congregational prayers. However, it is not easy to eat and pray together safely because of the lockdown measures and stay-at-home orders. Some mosques around the globe are still open; however, many have closed their doors to stop the spread of the coronavirus. In the US, some Muslim leaders are posting their religious lessons online, and in some places, prayers are broadcasted to residents. For most Muslims, the lockdown has made observance of the month challenging. They say that it is the hardest Ramadan that they have faced.
A woman contacts a man on the internet. She gives him money. She wants the man to do something. The man gets secret information for her. It is about the Chinese military . The man gets 13 top secret documents. The total number of information is 2,000. The USA spied on China. China wants to improve its security.	Government in China captured a spy. He told officials that a woman contacted him on the internet. She paid him to subscribe to secret military publications. The man leaked 13 top secret documents and other information about military bases. The total number of pieces of information was around 2,000. The USA spied on China, so China is working to increase its security.	This is a military spy according to the Chinese Government, handcuffed and handed a ten-year prison term for supposedly leaking sensitive documents to a foreign spy. The man whose surname is said to be Li told officials that a woman got in touch over the internet and paid him to subscribe to secret military publications via China’s National Library. He says when he logged on there she could see, too. News reports from China say Mr Li then leaked 13 highly classified documents, ten others of a less sensitive nature, and also information on the development of military bases and gear . This official working for Shantou City’s security bureau says the total number of pieces of info could have been 2,000. China is working to increase its security after it emerged that the US government had spied on a top telecommunications firm. The country’s military has already warned that it faces a “severe and complex” task in maintaining secrecy with widespread internet use and mobile links.
A new world record is set. A British stunt rider sets it. The record is set at an airport. The airport is in Yorkshire, England. The man does a wheelie . He rides like this for one kilometre. He rides really fast. His speed is 337.5 kilometres per hour.	A British stunt rider set a new world motorcycle wheelie speed record. He made two one-kilometre runs at an airport in Yorkshire. His average speed was 337.5 kilometres per hour. The man said that he could not believe this himself.	Gary Rothwell was back on the track on Saturday, attempting to beat the world motorcycle wheelie speed record. “Last month, I done 197.8 mile an hour, which I won the event. I was just on one and a half mile an hour off the world record, and only 2.2 mile an hour off the actual record that we wanted to get, which is the first person to ever get over 200 mile an hour on one wheel.” Riding on Elvington Airfield’s speed track, the stunt rider had to make two runs , with one wheel off the ground for the kilometre distance, with his average speed counting towards the record. It was second time lucky for Gary – he clocked an average speed of 209.8 mph beating the world record. “I can’t actually believe it myself, I donet twenty minutes ago at 200.3 mile an hour. I’ve just gone went back out again and done 209.8 mile an hour, couldn’t believe it myself!”
India bans e-cigarettes. You cannot make, move or sell e-cigarettes there. If you break the ban, you can go to prison for up to one year. The Indian government says why they do this. They say that people are getting addicted to e-cigarettes. They say that there are e-cigarette epidemics in some countries. They do not want this to happen in India. They say that e-cigarettes are dangerous. They are especially dangerous to young people and children.	Last Wednesday, India completely banned e-cigarettes. The government says that it is a great health risk especially among young people and children. India’s finance minister said that e-cigarettes were promoted as a way to get people to quit smoking, but reports show that people become addicted to them instead. The Indian government says that the use of e-cigarettes is extremely high in some countries – so much so that it is an epidemic. The ban in India covers everything: the production, import, export, transport, sale and storage . If you break the ban, you can go to prison for up to a year, pay $1,300, or both.	Last Wednesday, India completely banned e-cigarettes saying that they are a massive health risk, especially among young adults and children. India’s finance minister said that e-cigarettes were initially promoted as a way to get people to quit smoking, but reports show that people are instead becoming addicted to them. India’s government said that the use of e-cigarettes has recently gone up extremely high in developed countries and because of what seems like an epidemic. The production, import, export, transport, sale, storage, and advertisement relating to e-cigarettes are now all banned in India. People who violate the ban for the first time can face up to a year in prison, pay a fine of more than $1,300, or both.
People are presidents for terms . In Egypt, one term is four years. The Egyptian people change this. The people vote . They change the Egyptian law . Now, one Egyptian presidential term is six years long. One person can be president for two terms. Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi is the Egyptian President now. He is in his second term. For him, there are special new laws. He can be president for a third term. People can vote for him in 2024. He can be president until 2030.	Egypt’s government gave the Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi more parliamentary power. Nearly 90 per cent of Egyptian voters approved it. Now, Egyptian presidents can be presidents for two terms , and each term is six years long instead of four years long. El-Sissi, however, can run for a third term – he can run for president in 2024 for the third time and be president until 2030. Sissi thanked the Egyptian people in a tweet on Tuesday. All of this comes as a surprise because in 2017, Sissi said that he would not run for a third time. Last year, most voters re-elected him. That was not surprising because some of his opponents were put in jail or were forced to quit the race .	​Nearly 90 per cent of Egyptian voters approved of granting President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi more parliamentary power. The new amendments extend Egyptian presidents’ terms from four to six years, and they allow for a maximum of two terms. However, an article specific to El-Sissi extends his current four-year term to six, and it allows him to run again in 2024, meaning that he could stay in office until 2030. Sissi thanked the Egyptian people in a tweet on Tuesday, saying that the vote would be written down in Egyptian historical record. All this comes as a surprise because in 2017, Sissi said that he would respect Egypt’s constitution, and he would not seek a third term. Last year, most voters re-elected him, which was not too surprising, as several rivals were either in jail or forced to quit.
In Adelaide, Australia, a koala goes to a construction site . He climbs up a drilling rig . He likes the new home. He feels safe. However, rescuers take him back down. The rescuers take his picture. Then they take him to the vet to make sure that he is OK.	In Adelaide, Australia, a koala climbed up on top of a drilling rig at a construction site . As he took refuge from a busy nearby road, he appeared to like the new home. However, rescuers came, took a picture of him, and took him to the vet.	In Adelaide, Australia, a koala climbed up on top of a drilling rig at a construction site and took  refuge from a nearby busy road. He appeared to like the new abode , but rescuers were ready to remove this new tenant . The rescuers took the koala’s picture and then took him to the vet for a check-up.
There are 22 countries in the European Space Agency (ESA). They agree to pay $16 billion more to the agency for the next five years. The climate change program gets a lot of money. The program studies Earth. The ESA director says that people are very interested in climate change. They want their leaders to do something about it. The program can help them. The extra money also helps pay for more projects . One project is to send a rover to Mars with NASA. Another project is to bring back old things from Earth from space. Another project is to send the first European to the moon.	The 22 countries of the European Space Agency (ESA) agreed to pay $16 billion more towards the agency for the next five years. The ESA director said that the ESA’s climate change program received more money than expected. This is because more people are interested in climate change, and the program observes Earth. He said that people want their leaders to do something about climate change, and this program will help. The money will help pay for other ESA projects. One project will work with NASA to send a rover to Mars and get samples . Another project will bring back old satellites and other things from Earth from space. Another project will send the first European astronaut to the moon.	The 22 member  states of the European Space Agency (ESA) agreed to the largest funding  boost of about $16 billion towards the agency’s budget for the next five years. Germany, France, and Italy gave the most money. The ESA director-general said that the ESA’s climate change program received more money than expected due to increased interest in climate change. The program observes Earth. He said that since people want their leaders to do something about climate change, this program will help them know what to do. Other ESA projects are to work with NASA to send a rover to Mars and get samples, bring back old satellites and other objects from Earth from space, and send the first European astronaut to the moon.
Angela Merkel is the German Chancellor . She visits the White House. She meets Trump. He is not very friendly. Journalists take pictures of the politicians . The journalists ask for a handshake. Trump does nothing. Merkel asks him, too. He does nothing.	German Chancellor Angela Merkel visited the White House recently. She received a frosty reception from President Trump. Journalists were asking for a handshake and Merkel asked Trump, too, but he just ignored them. They did not tell the media what they talked about.	German Chancellor Angela Merkel received a frosty reception from Trump in the Oval Office. As journalists photographed the two politicians, the journalists started asking for a handshake. Their request, as well as Merkel’s request, were both ignored by Trump. Neither of them were forthcoming about what they talked about.
A US company makes the first Ebola vaccine in history. It is a very important moment. Ebola is a very dangerous sickness with serious symptoms . It is very infectious and it kills many people. It kills more than 11,000 people in Congo between 2013 and 2016. At this time, there are more than 3,000 sick people in Congo. The company gives 250,000 vaccines to people in Congo. The vaccine is for people who are 18 years and older. It can save almost 98% of all people who get ill. The company´s official says that the whole world must be happy about this.	A US drug company got an approval from the European Commission to sell the first Ebola vaccine. Ebola is a very infectious disease which kills more than a half of people who get ill. The main symptoms are fever, pains, diarrhea and bleeding. Ebola killed more than 11,000 between 2013 and 2016. Currently, there are 3,000 cases of Ebola in Congo and more than 2,000 people died there. The vaccine is almost 98% effective and the drug company already gave 250,000 vaccines to people in Congo. The company says that this is a historical moment and very good news for the whole world.	A US pharmaceutical company, Merck and Co., received an approval from the European Commission to sell the first Ebola vaccine. According to the World Health Organization, the vaccine is approved for people who are at least 18 years old, and it is almost 98% effective. The main symptoms of Ebola are fever, pains, diarrhea and bleeding. It spreads very easily from person to person through bodily fluids. In the largest outbreak , Ebola killed 11,000 people between 2013 and 2016. Currently, there are over 3,000 confirmed cases in Congo and more than 2,000 people have died. Merck has already given more than 250,000 doses to people in Congo. Merck´s offical said that the new vaccine is a historic milestone that the whole world can be proud of.
There are strong winds in Europe. They kill several people. A tree falls down in the Netherlands. Two older men die. Three people die in Germany. One woman in Belgium also dies. Someone films a shocking moment in the Netherlands. The video shows a woman with a pram . A tree falls down. Luckily, it falls right next to her. The baby and she are fine. Now ten thousand homes in England have no power .	Powerful winds battered Europe on Thursday. Several people died. Falling trees killed two older men in the Netherlands, more than three people died in Germany and one woman died in Belgium. The powerful winds also left 10 thousand homes without power in the east of England. Someone filmed a shocking moment on a video in the Netherlands. The video shows a tree fall right next to a woman with a pram .	Gale-force winds battered Europe on Thursday, killing several people. Falling trees killed two elderly men in the Netherlands, more than three people died in Germany, and one woman died in Belgium. The powerful winds also left 10 thousand homes without power in the east of England. Someone filmed the heart-stopping moment a tree fell right next to a woman with a pram in the Netherlands.
Hassan al-Tourky lives in Egypt. He is 65 years old. He has a small shop. He repairs and sells phones. Al-Tourky has an unusual hobby. He collects and restores old phones. Some of the phones are very old. They come from the 1800s. They belong to famous persons. Al-Tourky has a phone of an Egyptian King. This phone comes from 1933. Al-Tourky also owns Charlie  Chaplin ´s two phones. Al-Tourky gets some phones from his father. His father loves old phones. Al-Tourky loves them, too. He is happy that his sons have the same hobby. They do not make a lot of money in the shop. But they are happy. They like to keep history alive .	Hassan al-Tourky is a 65-year-old man who collects and restores telephones. Al-Tourky runs a family shop where he repairs and sells phones, but he loves to collect old phones. Some of al-Tourky´s phones belonged to famous people, for example, Egyptian King Farouq. King Farouq´s phone dates back to 1933, but some phones are much older. The oldest phones date back to the 1800s. Al-Tourky also owns two phones that belonged to Charlie Chaplin. One phone hangs on the wall and the second phone was on Chaplin´s desk. Al-Tourky said that he got some phones from his father who loved them. Al-Tourky loves them, too, and he is happy that he can share his passion with his sons. He buys old phones from villas, palaces, and auctions .	Hassan al-Tourky is Egypt´s vintage telephone collector, who collects and restores old telephones. Some of al-Tourky´s collections date back to the 1800s and they were once owned by famous persons like Egypt´s late King Farouq. King Farouq´s phone dates back to 1933, and it is specifically used in the royal court. Al-Tourky also owns Charlie Chaplin´s telephone that was hung on the wall and one that was placed on his desk. The family-run shop does not make much money; however, it is run with a passion for preserving history. The 65-year-old collector buys some phones from villas, palaces, or auctions; however, some of the phones were left by al-Tourky´s father, who loved them, just like al-Tourky does. He keeps them for himself and his sons who share his passion.
It is 2015. The Fukushima disaster was in 2011. That is four years ago. Some people are still afraid of radiation . They measure the radiation around their houses. One man measures high radiation. He measures it at a children’s park. He tells people about it. Now the children’s park is closed. This park is 155 miles (249 kilometres) from Fukushima. The radiation at the park is probably not from Fukushima.	A man discovered high levels of radiation at a children’s park in Japan. Four years after the Fukushima disaster, the Japanese are worrying about nuclear contamination again. The playground is more than 155 miles (249 kilometres) from Fukushima. It is not clear why the radiation levels are high at the park, but officials believe that it is not connected to the disaster at Fukushima. The park is now fenced off . A man who lives in the area reported the high radiation. Families in eastern Japan measure radiation around their houses. They do not trust the government which says that most places are safe after the Fukushima disaster.	High levels of radiation have been discovered in a children’s park in Japan. The find has revived concerns about nuclear contamination four years after the Fukushima disaster. Nuclear regulators measured elevated radiation levels in the playground which is more than 155 miles (249 kilometres) from the crippled plant . Soil underneath a slide registered 418 microsieverts per hour – nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure. It was not immediately clear why radiation levels were high in the park, though officials do not believe it is connected to the disaster at Fukushima. The park has now been fenced off and a health advice center has been opened to help concerned parents. Authorities were made aware of the contamination after a local resident reported it. Families in eastern Japan continue to survey the levels of radioactive contamination around their houses. Many feel distrustful to government assurances that most places were not affected by the Fukushima meltdown .
In 1921, French-Russian scientist and perfumer makes Chanel No. 5. His name is Ernest Beaux. Chanel No. 5 is the first perfume by Gabriele ´Coco´ Chanel. Chanel No. 5 is one of the most popular perfumes. Its bottle and formula change very little since 1921. Jasmine is in Chanel No. 5. It is the most important part of the perfume. Farmers in France grow flowers for perfumes since the 17 th century. Then it changes in the 1980s. Some farmers sell their land. Other countries grow flowers for perfumes. It is not good news for Chanel. Chanel needs a lot of flowers. Chanel does business with the Mul family. They grow jasmine for Chanel. They still do it today. Chanel has enough jasmine for its perfumes.	In 1921, French-Russian chemist and perfumer Ernest Beaux made the formula of Chanel No. 5. It was the first perfume by French fashion designer Gabrielle ´Coco´ Chanel. This year, the perfume is celebrating its 100 th anniversary, and it changed very little since 1921. It is still one of the most popular and iconic perfumes. but it was not always like that. In the 1980s, the future of Chanel did not look good. In the 17 th century, a part of France became a place where farmers grew flowers which some companies used for perfumes. In the 1980s, some farmers sold their land, and other countries grew the flowers. Jasmine was the most important ingredient in Chanel No. 5, and Chanel worried that it would not have enough jasmine for its perfumes. The company made a deal with the Mul family, and the growing of jasmine could continue. The family still grows enough jasmine for Chanel, and it is the best quality.	Workers in Pegomas, France, are harvesting jasmine flowers, the key ingredient in Chanel´s iconic No. 5 perfume that is celebrating its 100 th anniversary this year. France´s Grasse region became a flower and fragrance hub in the 17 th century. Chanel struck a deal with a local farming family in the 1980s to keep its flower production in the region. At that time, some local farmers had sold their land, and jasmine production moved to other countries. Olivier Polge, the head perfumer of Chanel, said that the company had to work hard to get enough of the ingredient at the same time it was under threat due to real estate pressure and the evolution of society in general. When Chanel joined with the local farming family the Muls, the quantity and continuation of quality of the jasmine flower continued. Chanel No. 5 was the first perfume launched by French couturier Gabrielle ´Coco´ Chanel in 1921, and the scent formula for the fragrance was created by French-Russian chemist and perfumer Ernest Beaux.
Scientists are studying the ocean floor in Cambodia. Overfishing and pollution are dangers to sea animals. The scientists want to know how bad these problems are. They will know. They will tell people in six months.	In Camboida, Scientists are examining the ocean floor for coral damage. Overfishing and pollution are dangers to sea animals, and the scientists want to know how bad these problems are. The new data will be compared to a 2013 study, and the results of the new study will be known in six months.	Scientists are surveying the ocean floor off of southern Cambodia for coral damage. They aim to assess the extent of overfishing and pollution which threaten the marine environment. The data that they collect will be compared to a 2013 study and the results of the survey published in six months.
This news is about Shimon Peres. He is an Israeli. He is important for Israel. He is a diplomat. He helps arrange peace between Israel and Palestine. He wins a Nobel Peace Prize for this. The peace does not last long. Some people like Peres, and some do not. Israelis like him. He is a peacemaker to them. Palestinians do not like him. To them, he is a criminal. He dies, recently.	Former Israeli President Shimon Peres died. He was part of many developments in Israel. People named him a Nobel Peace Prize winner in 1994. He helped arrange the first peace agreement between Israel and Palestine, but the peace did not last long. Israelis are sad because he died. They say that they lost a statesman, a diplomat and a peacemaker. Palestinians, on the other hand, are happy that he is dead. Some said that Peres has a lot of Palestinian blood on his hands. During his era, there was war with Egypt, Syria and Palestine.	Former Israeli President Shimon Peres has died and he was part of almost every major development in Israel since the country’s founding in 1948. People named him a Nobel Peace Prize winner in 1994 for helping to arrange Israel and Palestine’s first interim peace accord , but the deal never turned into a lasting treaty and opinion on Peres will always remain divided. Israelis are deeply saddened by the news, saying they have lost a statesman, a diplomat and a peacemaker. In direct contrast, many Palestinians blamed him for their suffering, and expressed gratitude for his death. Some said that he has a lot of Palestinian blood on his hands from his crimes against the Palestinian nation and the Arab nations, as well. During his era, there was war with Egypt, Syria and Palestine, and the imposition of a siege on Gaza.
In the USA, there is a school. This school is for soldiers. It offers special training. The training takes 62 days. It is very difficult. If you finish the training, you become a ranger. Nineteen women and 381 men begin the training. Only 94 men and two women finish the training. The women become the first women rangers ever. This is an important moment for the school. The training includes swamp survival . One woman says that this was difficult for her.	The US Army Ranger School let women participate in its 62-day course for the first time. The extremely difficult course includes parachute jumps, helicopter assaults and swamp survival. The course began with 19 women and 381 men. Only 94 men and two women completed the training – they are the first women rangers. This is a historic moment for the school. The women talked about their experience . One of them said that the swamp was the hardest part for her. In the beginning, the women were also worried that their gender could be a problem for some soldiers.	A historic moment at the US Army Ranger School after two women became the first to wear the tab of a US Army ranger. Kristen Griest and Shaye Haver were the only two women to complete the gruelling 62-day course which included parachute jumps, helicopter assault and swamp survival. “For me, really, I think, the swamps both in Darby and Florida were just frustrating. You’re going through at night. You’re either cold or extremely hot, one or the other… And you are walking under night vision for hours on end , you don’t know when it’s going to end, tripping over things…” Only they and 94 men completed the training which began with 19 women and 381 men. It was the first time women had been allowed to participate. “I was skeptical if they could handle it physically. Shaye was the only one who volunteered to take the weight . She took the weight off me. She carried it the last half of that rock , literally saving me. I probably wouldn’t be sitting here if it wasn’t for Shaye.“ But the men praised the women for their dependability and Griest received a special mention for her land navigation skills. The women acknowledged they had initial concerns that their gender might have been an issue for some of their fellow soldiers. Surpassing all doubts, both Griest and Haver said the way to make it through ranger school is intense physical and mental conditioning.
Two years ago, a bridge falls down in Genoa, Italy. It is a terrible accident. 43 people die. It is a shock for many people. People ask how it is possible. Italy has good roads and bridges. Builders build a new bridge. They must destroy the old bridge. They build the new bridge in the same place. It is not easy work. The structure of the bridge is very special. The bridge must be safe. The new bridge costs more than €200 million. The coronavirus is in Italy. The situation is very bad. There are hard rules. People must stay away from each other. Builders work while this happens. Italy´s Prime Minister is happy with the bridge. He says that the new bridge gives hope to the country.	Two years ago, a bridge in Genoa, Italy, collapsed. 43 people died in the accident that shocked the world. Nobody could understand how such a disaster could happen in a developed country . Builders demolished the old bridge, and they built a new bridge in the same place. A famous architect, Renzo Piano, designed the new bridge. Piano designed other buildings, such as the Centre Pompidous in Paris or the New York Times building in New York. The total cost of the project was more than €200 million. Builders continued their work during the COVID-19 outbreak, which makes the bridge very special. Italy´s Prime Minister said that the new bridge was a symbol of unity and hope.	The final piece of Genoa´s new bridge was moved into place less than two years since the previous bridge, which was built in 1960, collapsed. The event claimed the lives of 43 people, and it shocked the world. What remained of the old bridge was demolished to make room for the new structure. Besides Genoa´s new bridge, the world-renowned architect, Renzo Piano, designed for example, the Centre Pompidous in Paris or the New York Times building in New York. Piano said that the bridge was made to last 1,000 years, and the total cost of the project exceeded €200 million. Construction work did not stop despite the COVID-19 outbreak, which made the structure the first bridge that was built under social distancing restrictions . Italy´s Prime Minister, Giuseppe Conte, welcomed the new structure as a symbol of unity and hope.
This is in Las Vegas. There is an ice-skating rink . A dog named Benny goes to the rink. He wears ice skates on his front paws . He goes on the ice! Benny is very happy on the ice. He runs around. He slides between two traffic cones . He picks up a hockey stick.	In Las Vegas, a dog named Benny wore ice skates on his front paws . He could run in an ice-skating rink. His tail was wagging , so he was happy as he ran around. He later slid in between two traffic cones to pick up a hockey stick in his mouth.	In Las Vegas, a golden retriever named Benny wore ice skates on his front paws so that he could play in an ice-skating rink. His tail was wagging , so he was enjoying this as he ran around. He even slid in between two traffic cones to pick up a hockey stick with his mouth.
People in the Czech Republic protest. The protests are the biggest since 1989. People are protesting the country’s prime minister. They want him to step down. The prime minister’s name is Andrej Babiš. People say that he is using his position to get richer. The EU is also investigating him. The EU writes a report . It says that Babiš gets extra money from the EU. This is not OK because the money is only for small businesses. Babiš lies to get this money. He says that he does not have a farm. He is a billionaire, so this money is not for him. The report says that he must give back $20 million.	The largest anti-government protests since 1989 happened in Prague on Sunday, June 23rd. People were protesting the country’s prime minister, Andrej Babiš, and his justice minister. The people demanded that Babiš step down because of questions about a possible conflict of interest and fraud . Although Babiš is a billionaire, the EU gave him money which was supposed to help small businesses. An EU report says that he hid the fact that he had a farm so he could get the grants. The report says that he should return around $20 million in total.	On Sunday, June 23 rd , Prague’s largest anti-government protests happened since the fall of the country’s communist regime in 1989. This time around, the people did not want to overthrow the political system, but support it. The protests were against the country’s prime minister, Andrej Babiš, who is facing conflict of interest allegations and is being investigated for acting criminally to get European Union funds. A EU report says that he hid the fact that he owned a farm so that he could qualify for a subsidy meant for small businesses – but Babiš is a billionaire. The report says that he should return around $20 million in subsidies in total. The peaceful protests called for Babiš and his close ally, the Czech justice minister, to step down. The minister voted against a law enforcement request to strip Babiš’s parliamentary immunity so that he could be investigated.
The Catholic Church is traditional. It does not like homosexuals. It also does not like abortions . If a woman has an abortion, she must leave the church. Pope Francis, however, is not very traditional. Popes are usually from Europe. Pope Francis is not from Europe. He is OK with homosexuals. The Holy Year starts on December 8th. It will be a year of forgiveness . It will be a special year for women after abortions. These women can be forgiven.	Pope Francis is the first non-European pope in 1,300 years. He has shown his tolerance towards topics like homosexuality. The pope said that the Holy Year will start on December 8th, and that mercy will characterise it. Until now, the Catholic Church automatically excommunicated women who had abortions. The situation will change during the Holy Year. Pope Francis will give all priests the discretion to forgive women who had an abortion. Tourists outside the Vatican said that this is positive news. One person said that people change, so the church must change, too.	Until now, women who had abortions were automatically excommunicated from the Catholic Church. But during the upcoming Holy Year, Pope Francis will give all priests, not just the high-ranking clergy , the discretion to formally forgive women who have had abortions. In a letter published by the Vatican, Pope Francis described the “existential and moral ordeal ” faced by women who have terminated pregnancies. The letter didn’t mention people who perform the abortions. “The pope’s decision to grant all priests around the world the power to grant absolution to a woman who has had an abortion and repents of it is just another sign of how seriously he takes the power of God to forgive and the power of God to heal people who come to Him seeking mercy .” Among the tourists outside the Vatican, the latest is positive news. “I hope that this pope will continue to do those things who make the church generally, I think, a little bit more attractive for many people and for many young people.” “Yes, it is. It’s new, but the last pope stopped being a pope and it was strange too, right? I think we are 21st century and the Church has to change like people change.” Pope Francis is the first non-European pope in 1,300 years. He has shown his tolerance regarding topics such as homosexuality, traditionally seen from within the Church as taboo. The Holy Year is one of most important events for Catholics and sees the faithful make pilgrimages to Rome and other religious sites around the world. Pope Francis announced earlier this year that December the 8th would mark the start of an extraordinary Holy Year characterised by mercy.
In Lima, Peru, people hold a large pet wedding ceremony. They do this to celebrate Valentine’s Day. About a dozen dog couples tie the knot . Some dogs wear wedding clothing! People hold this Pet Valentine’s event every year. They want to encourage people to care about their pets.	In Lima, Peru, people celebrated Valentine’s Day with a large pet wedding ceremony, and about a dozen canine couples tied the knot . Some dogs dressed up in suits and wedding veils ! People hold this Pet Valentine’s event every year to encourage pet owners to care for their pets.	In Lima, Peru, people held a mass pet wedding ceremony to celebrate Valentine’s Day, and about a dozen canine couples tied the knot at this ceremony. Some dogs wore tuxes and wedding veils for this occasion and there was also a traditional wedding cake. People hold this Pet Valentine’s event every year to encourage awareness for pet owners to be responsible in caring for their pets. The dogs had a lot of puppy love at this event!
This news is from Montreal, Canada. A traffic camera films an owl. It is a snowy owl. The owl is beautiful. Many people like the video. They share it on Facebook. Snowy owls live in remote areas. It is special to film them. Canada protects snowy owls. People must not kill them. However, sometimes cars hit snowy owls. Airplanes can hit the owls, too.	A traffic camera in Montreal filmed a snowy owl. Many people liked and shared the video on Facebook. The owl is beautiful, and it is rare to film a snowy owl. The owls inhabit places where people don’t live. However, the birds sometimes die in collisions with cars and airplanes. The snowy owl is an official symbol of Quebec, and Canada protects it from hunters .	A traffic camera captured s tunning footage of a snowy owl in Montreal, Canada. The majestic visitor has delighted viewers with the video gaining over 15,000 likes and 18,000 shares on Facebook. The reason the sighting attracted so much attention is not just the beauty of the video, but also because seeing snowy owls is quite rare, as they tend to inhabit places where humans do not live. Moreover, the snowy owl is an official symbol of Quebec and people protect it from hunters in Canada, though the birds are occasionally killed in collisions with cars, airplanes and utility lines .
There are a lot of people in Moscow right now. They are there for the World Cup. An event happens there. It takes place near Red Square. A taxi drives into pedestrians . Eight people are injured. Two of them are from Mexico. Some people say that it was an accident. Other people say that the taxi driver wanted to do it.	A taxi crashed into pedestrians on a pavement near Red Square in Moscow last Saturday and injured eight people. Some people think that the act was deliberate , and others think that it could be an accident. Police arrested the taxi driver. In a video released by the police, he said that he was sorry and that he was exhausted and hit the wrong pedal. The incident happened while there are many people in Moscow. They are there for the World Cup. Two from the eight injured pedestrians were from Mexico.	A taxi crashed into pedestrians on pavement near Red Square in Moscow last Saturday, injuring eight people. Some people believe that the act was deliberate , as the traffic was going slowly, and others on social media think that the incident could have been an accident. Police detained the cabby . In a video released by the police, he said that he was sorry for what had happened, and he said that he was overworked when he hit the wrong pedal. The incident comes as the capital’s streets are crowded with the World Cup visitors. Two from the eight injured pedestrians were from Mexico.
Netflix is an online service. You can watch TV series, shows and films on your tablet or computer. ‘Patriot Act’ is one of the shows that you can watch. The show is about serious things. However, the host talks about these things in a funny way. In one episode , he talks about Saudi Arabia. He talks about the Saudi leader, Prince Salman. The host criticises Prince Salman. He says that Prince Salman is not making the country better. The Saudi government does not like the episode. It tells Netflix to take it down. Netflix takes it down. You cannot watch the episode in Saudi Arabia.	Netflix is an online service where you can watch TV series, shows and films. ‘Patriot Act’ is a show about serious things, but people present them in a comedic way. One episode is about Saudi Arabia. In it, the host criticises the Saudi leader, Prince Salman, and says that it is possible the prince was involved in the killing of a journalist. The host also says that Prince Salman is not modernising Saudi Arabia, and he is only modernising the Saudi dictatorship. Saudi Arabia has laws which ban videos that can have a bad effect on public order or public morals. The Saudi government asked Netflix to remove the episode and Netflix removed it. Breaking the laws can mean up to five years in prison or a fine of up to $800,000. However, you can still see the full episode outside of Saudi Arabia, and parts of it are available on the ‘Patriot Act’ YouTube channel.	Hasan Minhaj is an American comedian who ‘explores the larger trends shaping our fragmented world’ in his show ‘Patriot Act’ which is available on Netflix (an online video streaming service). There is an episode in which he talks about Saudi Arabia. In it, he criticises the Saudi leader, Prince Salman, and he says that it is possible that Prince Salman was involved in the killing of a journalist named Jamal Khashoggi. He goes on to say that Prince Salman is not modernising Saudi Arabia, and he is only modernising the Saudi dictatorship. Netflix removed the episode in Saudi Arabia after it received a ‘valid legal request’. Saudi Arabia’s cybercrime law prohibits the production, preparation, transmission, or storage of a material impinging on public order, religious values, public morals, and privacy’ on the Internet. This crime is punishable by up to five years in prison and a fine of up to $800,000. You can still watch the full episode outside of Saudi Arabia, and parts of it are available on the ‘Patriot Act’ YouTube channel. Minhaj said that banning the episode meant that it became a trend online, so now it is possible that more people know about it and are going to watch it on YouTube.
This news is from Tokyo. People at a company change their office into a beach. They bring two tonnes of sand. They have speakers and a 3D projector . The speakers make the sounds of the sea. The projector projects water on the sand. The company wants its people to feel good. One employee thinks that this is relaxing. It helps her work better. Some people think that they are on holiday.	The staff at a company in Tokyo changed its office into a beach. People brought two tonnes of sand, speakers and a 3D projector. They did all of this to recreate a tropical beach in the reception area. The company wants to make its employees and visitors think that life  can be a beach at work. One employee finds the sound of the waves relaxing. She also said that it helps her work. Some people even feel like they’re already on holiday.	A venture company in Tokyo transformed its workplace into a beach to lure employees, visitors, and potential clients into believing that life can be a beach at work. There is the sound of waves and the crunch of sand beneath your feet. These are not the sensations that you expect to have at the office! By using a carpet of sand, speakers, and a 3D projector, the firm made a tropical beach in the reception area that it also uses as an employee meeting space and staff lounge. One employee said that the sound of the waves soothed her and helped her work. Others who used the space joked that they feel like they have already gone off on holiday. The water, waves and sea life are not real, but the sand is, as the firm brought in two tonnes of it.
Farmers in Chile´s Casablanca area grow special trees. These trees are Quillay trees. Their bark can be important for a new COVID-19 vaccine. Indigenous people make soap and medicine from the tree. Scientists make some vaccines from it. The tree has some substances which make a body stronger against diseases. It seems that scientists will make a COVID-19 vaccine, too. It will be good for poorer countries. They do not have money for expensive vaccines. Scientists use old trees. They will need more trees when they make the vaccine. They must find ways to grow many new trees quickly.	Forest experts in Chile´s Casablanca region are growing young Quillay trees, and they hope that their bark could help make a new COVID-19 vaccine. Indigenous people use Quillay trees to make soap and medicine, and scientists also use the tree to make a vaccine against other diseases. Scientists make a special substance from the bark which helps immunity , and it could be important to a new COVID-19 vaccine. Experts believe that the vaccine will be appropriate for poorer countries. It is clear that the demand for a new vaccine will grow, and there will not be enough older Quillay trees. Farmers will have to set up larger farms or think of other ways to make the substance which they need for the vaccine.	Down a dusty farm area in the Casablanca region of Chilean wine country, forestry experts are growing a plantation of saplings of Quillay trees, technically known as Quillaja Saponaria, and its bark holds the promise of strong COVID-19 vaccines. The trees could be important to natural resources behind a new vaccine for low-end middle-income countries. The bark of the tree is used by the indigenous people to make soap and medicine, and the trees have been used to make a highly successful vaccine against shingles and the world´s first malaria vaccine. Scientists and industry officials are unsure on how quickly the supply of older trees will be depleted by rising demand. However, nearly everyone agrees that industries relying on Quillay trees will at some point need to switch to plantation grown trees or a lab-grown alternative.
We have a special project for you. We write short stories about famous days. The stories are in three levels. You can learn English at your level when you read these stories. Level 1 is easy. It is for beginners. Level 2 is for pre-intermediate students. Level 3 is for intermediate students. You can read the stories at www.daysinlevels.com .  Do you like this project? What can we do better? What are your famous days? Please, write your answers in the Comments section.  Thank you for your help. Have a nice day, News in Levels team	We have a special website for you. We write short stories about famous moments in history. The stories are written in three levels. You can learn English at your level when you read these stories. Level 1 is easy. It is for beginners. Level 2 is for pre-intermediate students. Level 3 is for intermediate students. You can read the stories at www.daysinlevels.com .  Do you like this project? How can we make Days in Levels better? What famous days do you want to read about? Please, write your answers in the Comments section.  We hope you will enjoy reading Days in Levels. Have a nice day, News in Levels team	We have a special website for you. We write short stories about famous moments in history. The stories are written in three levels. You can learn English at your level when you read these stories. Level 1 is easy. It is for beginners. Level 2 is for pre-intermediate students. Level 3 is for intermediate students. You can find the stories at www.daysinlevels.com .  Do you like this project? How can we improve Days in Levels? What famous days do you want us to write about? Please, write your answers in the Comments section.  We hope you will enjoy reading Days in Levels. Have a nice day, News in Levels team
This news is from the USA. The Department of Transportation is a government agency there. It makes rules for transportation. This agency sends out new instructions. The instructions are about animals on planes. Airlines cannot ban a type of cat or dog from their airplanes. However, if there is a dangerous animal, the airlines do not have to take it on board . If you cannot see and you need a dog, you can fly with your dog with no problem. You do not have to tell the airline before you fly. However, if you do not have a serious medical problem and you want to bring an animal, you must tell the airline about it before you fly.	The American Department of Transportation sent out guidelines for airlines and passengers. The department says that airlines can no longer ban specific types of cats or dogs. For instance, this is something that Delta Air Lines did last year. It banned “pit bull type dogs” because some employees were bitten by them. However, airlines can still say that they will not take an animal on board if it looks dangerous. For example, passengers who need the help of service animals do not have to let airlines know in advance that they are taking the animal. However, if you are bringing an animal for “emotional support ”, you have to let the airline know ahead of time.	The American Department of Transportation issued guidelines on service animal rules to provide greater clarity to passengers and airlines. For instance, the department says that airlines can no longer ban specific breeds of cats or dogs, which is something that Delta Air Lines did last year. It banned “pit bull type dogs” as service or support animals due to “recent incidents in which several employees were bitten.” The airline now says it is reviewing the Transportation Department’s changes. However, airlines can still decide on a case-by-case basis if an animal is safe to travel. They can still require passengers to tell them in advance if they are planning to bring on board “an emotional support animal,” but they cannot do the same for passengers with traditional service animals, such as guide dogs for the blind.
There are less coronavirus restrictions now. This means that people can do more activities. They can go shopping again. Many people buy a type of pants called jeans. Jeans are made out of a material that can last a long time. Levi Strauss is an American company. It is the biggest manufacturer of jeans clothes in the world. The company starts in 1853. It makes the first blue jeans in the world. Only workers wear blue jeans at that time. Many clothes manufacturers have factories in Vietnam. Many factories close during the coronavirus. Levi Strauss does not have problems. The company has a few factories. In the last three months, the company makes 41% more money than before.	As governments ease coronavirus rules, people are going out and they are returning to their normal social lives. People are returning to shops, and the demand for some products is rising. Levi Strauss is an American company and a global leader in jeans clothing. The company´s revenues in the last three months rose by 41%. Many clothing manufacturers have factories in Vietnam, where the pandemic caused many factories to close. It did not happen to Levi Strauss. The person Levi Strauss was born in Germany in 1829, and he started his business in San Francisco, California, in 1853. It was the first company which made blue jeans. At that time, only workers wore them, who were mainly miners.	Levi Strauss beat revenue  and  profit  estimates , boosted by an uptick in demand for jeans from people getting new clothes for their wardrobes amid the easing of health restrictions. Shares of the iconic jeans maker shot up more than 9% on Thursday, one day after the company reported that its revenues jumped by 41%. While supply issues have hurt many companies, analysts expect Levi Strauss to face less pressure because it doesn´t rely much on Vietnam where several factories closed because of the health crisis. Levi Strauss was a German-born American businessman who started the first company to make blue jeans. His business Levi Strauss & Co. began in 1853 in San Francisco, California. He went into business with one of his customers, and the two men created the new style of work pants in 1873.
A lot of people take selfies. A selfie is a picture of you. Some people use a selfie stick . You put your phone on the stick. Then the phone can take a better picture of you The stick and the phone work together. No wire connects the stick or the phone. The two things communicate wirelessly . South Korea says that this is a problem. The country says that this makes problems with radio signals. South Korea controls selfie sticks. Over there, you must not use some selfie sticks.	Taking a selfie is very popular these days. Some people like to use a selfie stick. It is a stick on which you fix your phone, so will take a better picture of you. The phone and the stick communicate wirelessly . The South Korean government thinks that this can cause problems with radio frequencies. It made using unregistered selfie sticks illegal. Some people say that a selfie stick cannot interfere with a radio signal, but if you sell an unregistered selfie stick, you must pay up to £17,000 ($26,607), or even go to prison.	The world has a gone a bit selfie -crazy and while most people enjoy taking the odd snap, it seems that South Korean government has another idea, as it’s banned the selfie stick. Yes, that’s right! If you’re caught selling the little metal rod that allows you to take a picture of yourself from more than arm’s length, you could get a fine or even worse, a jail sentence. South Korea’s Radio Management Agency has outlawed the use of unregistered selfie sticks, as they believe devices that are put on them could interfere with radio frequencies . But not everyone shares this view. “No matter how many people press the button at the same time, it’s not sufficient to interfere with other devices’ network or cause interference in frequencies in unlicensed  bandwidth . So practically speaking, it’s hard to cause frequency interference with a Bluetooth selfie stick.” Nonetheless, South Koreans face a fine up to £17,000 ($26,607) if they sell an unregistered selfie stick.
Aleppo is a city in Syria. Rebels hold one of its neighbourhoods . The army attacks the neighbourhood. Three people die. More people are injured. People find a boy in the rubble . He is only five years old. His hair and face are covered in dirt and blood . People put him in an ambulance. He is shocked. He doesn’t even cry. He just sits there.	People pulled a five-year-old boy from the rubble in Aleppo. Air strikes targeted his home, but he was the lucky one. At least three people died in the attack on the rebel-held neighbourhood in the east of the city. Several others were badly injured. Somebody filmed the boy sitting in an ambulance, with his hair and face covered in dust and blood. He didn’t even cry. He just sat there in shock.	Wiping the blood from his face, five-year-old Omran Daqneesh trying to work out what has happened. Another casualty of the war in Syria. He was pulled from the rubble in Aleppo after his home was targeted by air strikes. Somehow he survived, but at what cost? His hair matted with the dust from his home, his face caked in his own blood. He’s left alone in the ambulance. There’s no one to hold his hand here. And he doesn’t even cry. He just pats his little face, brushing his blood next to him. At least three people were killed last night in the attack on the rebel-held neighbourhood in the east of the city. Several others were badly injured. This, though, the face of a boy who is supposedly one of the lucky ones.
In Peru, bullfighting is popular. Between 500 and 600 bullfights take place in Peru every year. There is a bullfight. People throw objects at the bull. The bull jumps over the barrier . It is among the people. The people start to panic. They run away. Four of them are injured .	In Peru, Bullfighting remains popular – between 500 and 600 bullfights take place there every year. Four people were injured at a recent bullfight in the country. The spectators were throwing objects at the tormented bull when it jumped over the barriers . It landed in the crowd. People started panicking and running away.	At least four people have been injured in Peru after a bullfight went wrong. This video footage shows how the tormented bull turned on the crowd at a bullring in Taraco in the province of Huancane. Provoked by spectators throwing objects at him from the stands, the bull jumps high enough to clear the barriers around the ring, landing in the crowd. Panicked spectators are seen pushing and jumping back into the bullring to avoid the animal. Bullfighting remains popular in Peru where between 5 and 600 bullfights take place every year. This event is now being investigated by district authorities.
Michelle Obama is Barack Obama’s wife. She is called the First Lady. Donald Trump is going to be the new president. Michelle Obama gives her last interview as the First Lady. She talks about her husband. She says that he is like the nation’s parent. When something bad happens, he says that it is going to be OK. She gives an example with a toddler and its parents. Americans are like children, and Obama is the parent. If Obama is calm, Americans can be calm, too.	Michelle Obama gave her last interview as the US First Lady. She reflected on the Obama Administration’s legacy . Michelle said that children respond to problems like their parents. She gave an example of a toddler . When it gets hurt, it looks at its parents to see if it is hurt. If the parents are not upset, it is not upset. Michelle said that Barack Obama was the parent to the USA. In difficult times, he would say that everything would be OK, and that Americans should look to the future.	Michelle Obama gave her last interview as US First Lady as she prepares to leave the White House. She spoke to Oprah Winfrey and reflected on the Obama Administration’s legacy . Michelle said that our children respond to crises the way that they see adults respond. She gave an example of a toddler who bumps his head on a table and checks with his parents to see if it should hurt. Depending on how the parents respond, the toddler will cry or will realise that it is OK. Michelle said that she thinks her husband Barack Obama has been that parental figure for his nation as a grown-up in the White House. He would say in times of crisis and turmoil that it would be OK and Americans should look to the future. She said that all of this taught American kids to stay focused and know that their work and lives were not in vain .
People organise a fun event in Berlin. It is a race for pugs. A pug is a type of a small dog. The pugs run 50 metres. The winner runs it in under 6 seconds. Other dogs are slower. Some dogs need help. Their owners run with them.	In Berlin, Sixty pugs took part in a 50-metre race, and the pug who won the last time won again. Emma, the champion, ran the track in under 6 seconds. Some dogs were a bit slower, and some needed a little help from their owners . Some people ran with their dogs to show them what to do or to motivate them.	Sixty pugs in Berlin took part in a 50-metre race, and the defending champion named Emma retained her title, sprinting down the track in under 6 seconds. Some dogs at the jolly sports event were a bit slower, and some required a bit of encouragement from their owners. Some owners ran the track with their dogs to show them what to do.
An American warship is in the Baltic Sea. Two Russian warplanes fly past the warship. They fly only 9 metres above it. They do this 11 times. The planes have no weapons on them. However, the White House says that this is an act of  aggression . The Americans try to contact the planes. But the pilots say nothing. A former American soldier talks about the situation. He says that things like this happen often. He thinks that Russians wanted to see the warship. He thinks that maybe they took pictures of it, too.	An American warship was in the international waters of the Baltic Sea. Two Russian warplanes flew past the ship 11 times in total. They flew at only 9 metres above it. They were not carrying any visible  weaponry , but the White House called this an act of aggression. The Americans said that they tried to contact the Russian aircraft but received no answer. A former soldier said that things like this happen all the time. He also said that he thinks that the Russians wanted to look at the ship and take pictures.	For a brief moment, it seemed like the sailors on board this US Navy destroyer were under attack from Russian jet fighters. Without warning, the two planes carried out practice attacks on the warship in international waters in the Baltic Sea. “If you’re the commander of the USS Donald Cook, you’ve got to keep a really cool head. I think the commander should be commended in this case for doing so. But this isn’t going to be the first time for this commander who’s going to see a low-level flying aircraft coming at his warship because, to be honest with you, it’s practised all the time.” However, the White House have called it an act of aggression. The planes, which were carrying no visible weaponry, flew at about 30 feet (9 metres), creating waves in the water, passing by the ship 11 times in total. “It’s just a game of cat and mouse and, actually, what’s more important to the Russian jets, I would speculate, is to actually get a look at what the US Donald Cook is carrying in terms of its capability, its radar systems and it wouldn’t surprise me if actually had some sort of recon port on the Russian aircraft that was taking pictures.” US officials have said they tried to contact the Russian aircraft via the radio but received no response. A bilateral agreement between the US and Russia aimed at avoiding dangerous interactions at sea was signed in 1972. A US defence officially said the commanding officer of the ship called the incident unsafe and unprofessional.
This news is about a couple . They are from India. They cannot have a baby. The couple is in their 70’s. They want to have a baby. They go see a doctor. They ask him for help. The doctor runs some tests. The tests show that the woman is fit and healthy. The woman has 3 years of fertility treatment . After 3 years, she has a baby. She is the oldest mother ever.	An Indian couple in their 70’s came to a doctor for treatment because the woman was not able to get pregnant. The doctor was not sure about this, but tests showed that she was fit and healthy. The risks were not higher than the risks of a middle-aged woman. After 3 years of fertility treatment , the woman gave birth. As she is in her 70’s she is one of the oldest mothers to ever give birth. Her exact age is not known, however, because she does not have a birth certificate, which is normal in India. The new mother says that no one from the family taunted her for having a child.	Biological parents for the first time – in their 70’s! This couple seen here are celebrating the birth of their baby boy, following IVF treatment – their first successful pregnancy in 46 years of marriage. Daljunder Kaur gave birth last month after two years of fertility treatment, using donor eggs, at a clinic in northern India. In her 70’s, she’s undoubtedly one of the oldest mothers to ever give birth, but her exact age remains unclear since she doesn’t have a birth certificate, which isn’t uncommon in India. The new mother says that never did her mother-in-law or family members ever taunt her for bearing a child. Kaur says the couple have faced ridicule in a country where infertility is sometimes seen as a curse from God. After suffering several setbacks on their path to becoming parents, the couple maintain they never lost hope. First-time father, Mohinder Singh Gill, says they always planned to have a baby, but it all happened because of God’s blessings. The man who oversaw the procedure said the couple came to the clinic 3 years ago for treatment because she wasn’t able to get pregnant. He says although initially  reluctant , a series of medical tests showed that she was fit and healthy, and at the same risk level as a middle-aged woman becoming pregnant. Despite the controversy that their ages may have generated, this couple can finally enjoy their new family after such a long wait.
Two South Korean soldiers are at the border with North Korea. A land mine wounds them. This is a problem. North and South Korea are not friends. They do not like each other. Now, the situation is even worse. North Korean TV shows young people. They want to fight. They want to destroy South Korea. South Korean soldiers are ready to fight. Maybe, war is coming.	North and South Korea are enemies. The situation between the two countries got worse after land mines wounded two South Korean soldiers along the border. South Korea said that North Korea put the land mines there, but North Korea said that this was not true. Because of this, and other reasons as well, there are tensions between the countries. There might be war coming. North Korea’s television showed young people who want to go to war and destroy South Korea. South Korean reservists put photos of their military uniforms on the Internet and said that they are ready to fight.	It’s thought North and South Korea could be on the brink of war as tensions have been rising between the two countries. North Korea’s state-run television KRT released a video today showing young North Koreans signing petitions to be allowed to join the army. This young North Korean says, “We, the young generations, are waiting to wipe out the U.S. and South Korean gangsters from this peninsula .” Meanwhile, many South Korean reservists expressed willingness to rejoin the army on social media. They posted photos of their military uniforms with messages such as “South Korean men are all ready” and “I will fight for South Korea”. The current tensions between the two countries began when two South Korean soldiers were wounded by land mines along the border. South Korea said North Korea planted the mines, something North Korea denies. South Korea has also angered their neighbour by restarting propaganda broadcasts after more than ten years. Both sides say the other fired the first shot in artillery exchanges that have brought the countries to the brink of war. Officials have been holding talks over the situation.
This news is from Guatemala. The Volcán de Fuego (Volcano of Fire) erupts. It spews ash and lava . The lava can be up to 700 degrees Celsius. The lava comes down the volcano. It burns villages and roads. It burns houses. Sixty-two people die. Two of them are children. They are a brother and a sister. This eruption is deadly. A worse eruption was in 1902. Thousands of people die then, also.	The Volcán de Fuego (Volcano of Fire) in Guatemala erupted last Sunday and spewed clouds of ash and lava as hot as 700 degrees Celsius. The lava came down the volcano into the villages and roads around, burning houses and making rescue efforts difficult. Sixty-two people died and two of them were children. They were a brother and a sister who were watching the eruption from a bridge. The eruption was the deadliest in the country since 1902, when thousands of people died after the Santa María volcano erupted.	The Volcán de Fuego (Volcano of Fire) in Guatemala erupted last Sunday, spewing ashy plumes and lava as hot as 700 degrees Celsius. The lava sped down the volcano’s slopes and into the surrounding villages, covering roads, burning houses and hindering rescue efforts. According to news reports, 62 people lost their lives, and two of them were children. A brother and a sister burned to death as they watched the eruption from a bridge. The eruption was the deadliest in the country since 1902, when the country’s Santa María volcano killed thousands of people.
A boy from China falls from a train. He loses his legs. That boy is a man now. He is 31 years old. He has no legs, but he enjoys life to the max . He climbs up a mountain. He uses two boxes. He puts them under his body. Some people watch him. They tell him that he can do it. His wife is on top of the mountain. She waits for him there.	A 31-year-old man lost both his legs when he was 13. He fell from a train. However, he hasn’t given up  on life . He climbed a 2,000 metre-long mountain path . He used two boxes and chains. There were people who supported him. His wife waited for him at the top of the mountain. This mountain is not his first climb. He also climbed China’s five sacred mountains. That means that he is the first person without legs to have done so.	Overcoming the seemingly impossible, as double-leg amputee Chen Zhou reaches the peak of the Jianmen Pass in southwest China. The 31-year-old, who lost his legs after falling from a train when he was 13, scaled the 2,000 metre-long mountain path using weighted blocks, chains and the support of onlookers . It took Chen just four hours to reach the peak , where his wife was waiting to congratulate him. And this isn’t a first for the intrepid climber. He’s topped China’s five sacred mountains, making him the first person to do so with just the support of his hands.
In Latin America, there is a virus. It is the Zika virus. It is spreading fast. It can infect up to 4 million people this year. In Brazil, 1.5 million people are already infected. The virus is not dangerous to most people. It is very dangerous to babies. It damages their brains. The Brazilian army is trying to help. Mosquitos carry the virus. The army is killing the mosquitos. People are working on some medicine for the virus. It can take years to make the medicine.	In Latin American countries, the Zika virus is spreading . Mosquitos carry the infection, and it will affect up to 4 million people this year. Brazil is suffering from around 1.5 million cases. To most people, the illness is not dangerous, but for pregnant women the virus could be life changing. It causes serious brain defects in babies. The Brazilian army is trying to eradicate mosquitos to stop the virus. So far, the mosquitos are winning. The virus is new and it is spreading fast. A vaccine against the virus will not be available for some years. People are right to be worried.	The Zika virus, believed to cause brain defects in babies, is spreading explosively across Latin American countries with Brazil suffering an estimated 1.5 million cases. The mosquito- borne infection is expected to affect up to 4 million people this year. This mother said her daughter seems to be in constant pain and hardly ever stops crying. The army has been taking to the streets in Brazil to try to eradicate the mosquito that thrives in stagnant waters and around rubbish. An army deployed against an insect, and the insect so far is winning with experts warning of vaccine against the virus will not be available for some years, but people are right to be worried. “We certainly have to be worried. It’s new, it’sspreading very fast. The consequences are very severe . Babies are a vulnerable population. We worry what happens about them.” Most people who catch the illness will only have mild symptoms, but for pregnant women, the virus could be life-changing.
A baby bird falls out of her mother’s nest . She falls into a garden. A dog finds her. The dog likes the bird. The dog takes care of her. The dog’s owner makes a home for the bird in an indoor tree. The bird lives there, but she prefers to be with the dog. The dog’s owner likes all of this. The owner takes videos of the dog and the bird together. The owner puts the videos on the Internet. The videos are very popular.	After a baby bird fell into a garden from her nest, she formed a surprising friendship with a dog. The dog did not harm the bird but took care of her. The dog’s owner made a new home for the bird in an indoor tree, but the owner found that the dog and the bird preferred to stay together. The owner began filming them and their activities and then put the videos on the Internet. You can see the dog and bird play hide-and-seek or lay together. The videos are very popular as people have already watched them thousands of times.	An unlikely friendship formed between a boxer dog and a baby bird. The two-year-old dog Rusty took a shine to the chick after she fell out of her nest and landed in his garden. They are now an adorable duo popular on the Internet – people viewed their videos thousands of times and counting. The little birdie has set up home, nesting herself in a potted indoor tree, although she seems to prefer nuzzling in Rusty’s paws .
Usain Bolt wins the Olympic gold in three events. The third is for a 100-metre relay . Jamaicans in Rio celebrate . Back home in Jamaica, people are very proud of him. It is a great achievement , but it can also be his last. Bolt is going to retire next year.	Usain Bolt won the Olympic gold in three events at three consecutive games. The third gold was in a 4 by 100-metre relay . Jamaicans in Rio celebrated Bolt’s great achievement, and back home, they couldn’t be prouder. However, Bolt will not be able to pull off something like this again. He is going to retire after the world championships next year.	Kingston celebrates a Jamaican hero as Usain Bolt strikes again in Rio. The sprinter last night won gold in the 4 by 100-metre relay to complete the triple treble , winning Olympic gold in three events at three consecutive games. And back home, they couldn’t be prouder. “What this man has done tonight not only proved to me that this man is a legend, this man is one of the greatest men to ever walk on Jamaica land!” “Wow! Fabulous ! I mean, we didn’t expect less… Look at him, so fabulous! I don’t have words to explain… Fabulous!” “We have champions all around… Sports and musical souls, we are all over the place!” In Rio, too, Jamaicans celebrated Bolt’s enormous achievement, expect a feat he will never pull off again. Bolt’s expected to retire after the world championships next year, but he certainly knows how to go out with a bang .
This news is from Ethiopia. Ethiopia has a new prime minister. His name is Abiy Ahmed. He is a reformist . He gives a speech in Addis Ababa. People listen to him. After he stops talking, there is an explosion. Eighty-three people are injured .	There was an explosion at a rally in Ethiopia’s capital of Addis Ababa on Saturday. People were there to support the new, reformist Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed. The explosion hit right after he gave his speech and injured eighty-three people. Six of them were in critical condition.	An explosion struck a large rally of supporters in Ethiopia’s capital of Addis Ababa on Saturday. The blast took place right after the new, reformist Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed gave his speech, and he later called it a well-orchestrated attack but one that failed. Neighbouring country Eritrea has condemned the attack. Emergency services quickly attended to 83 people who were injured, with six of them in critical condition.
An earthquake hits Osaka on Monday. It happens at 8 a.m. The earthquake is strong. Walls fall down, fires start, and roads and water pipes crack . A nine-year-old girl and two men die.	Security cameras captured the moment that an earthquake struck in the north of the Japanese city of Osaka shortly after 8 a.m. on Monday. The 6.1 earthquake toppled walls, set off fires and cracked roads and water pipes. A nine-year-old girl and two elderly men died.	Security cameras captured the moment that a deadly 6.1-magnitude earthquake struck north of the Japanese city of Osaka shortly after 8 a.m. on Monday. It toppled concrete walls, set off fires, and cracked roads and water pipes. A nine-year-old girl and two elderly men died.
New Delhi is the capital city of India. It is a very dirty city. At this time of year, farmers burn the plants which they do not sell. People also celebrate a festival of lights. There are a lot of fireworks . These activities make the air very dirty. People cannot breathe easily. They can have high blood pressure or problems with their hearts. The situation is very dangerous. Officials want fewer cars on roads. People must stay at home. Children cannot go to schools.	India´s capital, New Delhi, is among the 10 dirtiest cities in the world. Currently, there is an emergency because of smog . Farmers caused this problem because they burned unused crops , and people celebrated a festival of lights with many fireworks. A New Delhi´s official says that the situation is very dangerous for people. The air is very dirty and it is difficult to breathe. Besides all this, people can have high blood pressure or get a heart attack. Officials lowered the number of cars on roads, closed schools, and asked people to stay at home.	India´s capital, New Delhi, is considered one of the world´s 10 most polluted cities and at this time, there is an emergency due to thick smog . The smog has reached dangerous levels which is usual for this time of year because farmers burn their leftover crops at this time. Also at this time, people celebrate Diwali, the Hindu festival of lights. During the festival, they set off many fireworks. However, the government bans both practices in India. Smog can cause breathing problems, high blood pressure, or a heart attack. New Delhi´s chief minister says that public health is at risk. Officials are trying to reduce the number of cars on the road. They have also closed schools, and they asked people to stay at home.
EasyJet is a British airline . It wants to have electric planes. It has a small plane already. It fits only 2 people. It plans to build a bigger electric plane in 10 years. This prototype can fit 120 people. The prototype will not fly very far. However, 20% of EasyJet’s flights are short. Electric planes can be 10% cheaper for EasyJet. They are 50% quieter, too.	EasyJet, a British airline, is interested in using electric airplanes. It already has a two-seater prototype and plans to build a 120-seater plane in 10 years. The electric planes would have a range of around 530 kilometres, so people could only use them for short flights. However, short flights make up around 20% of EasyJet’s flights. EasyJet says that electric aircraft could be revolutionary. If clean electricity is generated, there is no need for fossil fuels . Battery-powered planes also claim to be 10% cheaper for airlines, as well as 50% quieter, too.	British airline EasyJet teamed up with Wright Electric to build aircrafts powered by batteries. So far, it has built a two-seater prototype with plans of a 120-seater plane in 10 years. Compared with conventional planes, the proposed electric planes would have a limited range with today’s battery technology, but EasyJet pointed out that a range of 531 kilometres covers 20% of seats already flown by the company. Paul Moore, Communications Director of EasyJet, said that flying electric aircraft would probably be just as revolutionary as when the Wright brothers flew the first time. If electricity is generated from renewable resources, fossil fuel can be taken out of the  equation entirely. The battery-powered planes claim to be 10% cheaper for airlines and 50% quieter, resulting in more comfortable travel and a huge improvement in quality of life for residents living near airports.
In Japan, a giant squid comes to a bay. People are  excited to see the squid. Divers swim in the water and they film him. The giant squid is young. He is only 3.7 metres long. An adult giant squid can be 18 metres long.	In Japan, people spotted a young giant squid in a bay on Christmas Eve. Giant squids normally live in the deep sea, but this one came to the bay and divers swam with him. The giant squid was young as he was only 3.7 metres long – giant squids can be huge and grow up to 18 metres long. People said that he was the first giant squid of this season.	This is a giant squid, measuring in at 12 foot long. If 12 foot or 3.7 metres doesn’t sound that giant to you, that’s because this squid named locally as “Heck” is still only young. It’s likely the next time it’s spotted , it’ll be over 40 foot-long and scientists say they can grow even bigger – up to a whopping 60 foot, that’s over 18 metres long! It is believed that this giant squid is the first of the season and came as quite a surprise to onlookers at Toyoma Bay near Tokyo. Despite normally sticking to the deep sea, Heck was spotted in the bay on the Christmas Eve, giving local divers an early present by allowing them to swim alongside and film for several hours.
In November, there are wildfires in California. They are deadly. Just one of the fires kills 86 people. That is the most people ever. It destroys 19,000 buildings. That is the most buildings ever. Many people are insured . They want their money. The insurance claims are the highest ever. People are asking for $11.4 billion. There is a big electric company in California. People think that it may be responsible for the fires in 2017 and 2018. This is because the weather and electrical wires together can start fires. The company has to pay a lot of money. Then it files for bankruptcy .	Last November, there were several terrible wildfires in California. They were the deadliest in the state’s history. Just one of the fires killed 86 people and destroyed the most buildings in California’s history. About 19,000 buildings burned to the ground. Many people were insured and they want their money. The insurance claims from the fires are at $11.4 billion. This makes these fires the most expensive fires in California ever. People said that the largest electric company in California may have caused some of the large wildfires in 2017 and 2018 because of its faulty wires and the weather starting fires. The company has to pay a lot of money to fix the problems. The company filed for bankruptcy .	Last November in California, there were several deadly wildfires that are now the most expensive in the state’s history. The insurance claims from the fires are at $11.4 billion. Just one of the fires in Paradise, California, killed the most people and destroyed the most buildings in California’s history. It killed 86 people, destroyed about 19,000 buildings, and it burnt about 153,000 acres of land. California’s insurance commissioner said that there are 46,000 claims from the other Californian wildfires, which completely destroyed 13,000 homes and businesses. The largest electric company in California is the Pacific Gas and Electric Company. In 2017, people say that the wind and its electric wiring may have started large fires, and the company has to pay a lot of money to fix the problems. In 2018, people say that its wiring starts some of the fires again. The company filed for bankruptcy .
In Syria, there is an attack with chemical weapons . Many people die. The US reacts. It attacks Syria by air. It attacks President Assad’s military bases for the first time. This upsets some Syrian Americans. In New York people protest against America’s reaction. The protesters are not happy with Donald Trump. They vote  for him. He promises not to be a policeman for the world. He promises to stay in America. However, a lot of Syrian Americans welcome President Trump’s actions. One of them hopes that this action can end President Assad’s leadership in Syria. He thinks that the United States is trying to help people in Syria.	In Syria, someone used chemical weapons. Innocent civilians died. The US reacted with air-strikes. For the first time, the US directed the attack at one of President Assad’s military bases. Donald Trump’s intervention  divided Syrian Americans. In New York, people protested against America’s air-strikes on Syria. The protesters were unhappy with Donald Trump’s intervention. They voted for him because he promised not to be a policeman for the world. He promised to stay in America. One of the protesters said that this was another war based on a total lie. However, a lot of Syrian Americans welcome what President Trump did. One of them said that he hopes that this action will end President Assad’s leadership in Syria. He thinks that the United States finally made a move for humanity and to help the Syrian people.	In Syria, US air-strikes were for the first time directed at one of President Assad’s military bases. This was a reaction to a chemical weapons attack, which killed innocent civilians. However, Donald Trump’s intervention has divided Syrian Americans. In New York people protested against America’s reaction. The protesters were disappointed with Donald Trump’s intervention. They voted for him because he promised not to be a policeman for the world. He promised to stay within America. One of the protesters said that this was one more war based on a total lie. However, a lot of Syrians welcomed what President Trump has done. Other Syrian Americans expressed a sense of hope that this action will get Syria rid of the murderous Assad regime. One person said that he thinks that the United States finally made a move for humanity and to help the Syrian people.
Yemen is in a war. There are air, land, and sea blockades . The country is running out of fuel . People cannot get clean water without fuel. Almost 16 million people do not have clean water. Many people have cholera . The situation can get worse without clean water. Recently, people send food, water and other supplies to Yemen. They hope that this can help. They hope that it can help stop the sicknesses.	Weeks of air, land and sea blockades have affected Yemen, which is in a civil war. Now people are at risk of losing access to clean water as the country runs out of fuel. The United Nations was helping with the fuel supply, but it cannot help much because of the war. People say that almost 16 million people do not have clean water; they also say that unclean water will make the cholera outbreak even worse. Recently, humanitarian aid shipments came to help Yemen. People hope that this will help stop the spread of disease.	Yemen is in a war and it has been hit by weeks of air, land, and sea blockades , with people also at risk of losing access to clean water as the country runs out of fuel. The United Nations has been helping with the fuel supply for some water stations, but it cannot easily help due to the war. People think that almost 16 million people are now without clean water. Also, experts think that this water crisis will make an outbreak of cholera even worse. Recently, humanitarian aid shipments arrived to help this situation. Everyone hopes that this will help stop the spread of infectious diseases.
This news is from Nebraska. It is a state in the USA. There are floods there. The floods damage hundreds of homes. Six hundred people stay in shelters . One person dies.	Nebraska is a state in the American Midwest . It flooded there last week, and the floods damaged hundreds of homes. Over 600 people had to stay in shelters . One person died.	Nebraska (a state in the American Midwest ) flooded last week, and an agency said that the flooding reached record levels in 17 locations across the state. The flooding damaged hundreds of homes and over 600 people have been staying in shelters . One person died.
In Anaheim, California, a big event and meeting happens every year. It is called WonderCon . People of all ages come. They come to see all types of fandom . They can learn about games, comics, TV shows, movies, and books. Thousands of cosplayers also come. They wear costumes and make-up and bring props .	In Anaheim, California, thousands of cosplayers went to WonderCon in costumes and make-up and with props . People of all ages come to the event every year to see every type of fandom , such as games, comics, TV shows, movies, books, and costumes!	In Anaheim, California, thousands of cosplayers came to WonderCon wearing their costumes and make-up and brought props . People of all ages come to the annual event to see their favourite fandom in games, comics, TV shows, movies, books, and costumes!
Japanese authorities want to arrest the past chairman of the company Nissan. His name is Carlos Ghosn. Japanese police say that Ghosn must stay in his home. However, last week he escapes to Lebanon. It is not clear how he escapes. Lawyers have his passport. Japan asks Interpol for help. Interpol contacts Lebanon. It sends a special document with information about Ghosn. Lebanon must act. Lebanon can arrest Ghosn. The country can return him to Japan. However, it is not easy. Lebanese authorities say that Ghosn comes to the country with a legal passport. Therefore, there are no charges against Ghosn in Lebanon. Turkey is helping to find out how Ghosn gets to Lebanon. He travels through Turkey to get there.	The International police, Interpol, is looking for a past chairman of the company Nissan named Carlos Ghosn. Ghosn was under house arrest in Japan because of financial problems, but he escaped to Lebanon. Interpol sent a Red Notice to Lebanon, which is a request to arrest a person who committed a crime. Local authorities can arrest this person and return him or her to the country where he or she committed the crime. Lebanon wants to respect the notice, but Ghosn came to Lebanon with a legal passport, so Lebanon does not have any charges against him. Turkish police arrested several people to find out how Ghosn escaped to Lebanon because he got there through Turkey.	Interpol, the International Police Organization, issued a wanted notice for a former Nissan chairman named Carlos Ghosn who fled Japan for Lebanon last week. Ghosn faces charges of financial misconduct in Japan, and he was living under house arrest before he ran away. Lebanon´s justice minister said that the country received a Red Notice about Ghosn on Thursday. A Red Notice is a request from Interpol to locate and provisionally arrest a wanted person. The justice minister said that the country will respect the notice, but he added that Lebanese authorities have no charges against Ghosn because he entered Lebanon using a legal passport. It is not clear how Ghosn managed to leave Japan because he gave his passports to his lawyers. According to Turkish media, several people were arrested to investigate how he fled Japan to Lebanon through Istanbul.
Aleppo is a city in Syria. There is war there. The fighting stops for one day. A drone films the city. The streets are filled with smoke. Buildings are damaged . Nobody is in the streets. It is a sad picture.	A ceasefire agreement in Aleppo was reached last Tuesday, so the bombing in the Syrian city stopped. However, the fighting continued the very next day. A drone filmed the smoke-filled streets of the city. The video is a picture of destruction. Buildings are damaged, there are no people in the streets, and everything is grey and depressing .	A drone captured the smoke-filled streets of eastern Aleppo last week. The footage shows the scale of the destruction reminiscent  of post-war Berlin. The bombing was temporarily  halted last Tuesday after a ceasefire agreement was reached, but air strikes on the rebel-held parts of the city resumed the following day. Plans to evacuate civilians have been delayed.
Two doctors work at a university hospital. It is in Michigan, USA. The doctors see babies die. The babies die from problems with breathing . The doctors want to help them. The doctors meet a baby. He is going to die soon. He has a problem with his airway. The doctors use 3D printing . They make him a splint . It will help him breathe. They give him the splint. The splint is special. It grows when he grows. It goes away when he is older. It will be gone when he doesn’t need it anymore. The baby is healthy now! Two more babies are healthy, also.	Two doctors who work at a university hospital in Michigan, USA, kept seeing babies die. The babies were dying because air could not pass into their lungs – their airways were not strong. The doctors wanted to help the babies. They met one baby who was going to die very soon from this problem. They gave him a 3D printed airway splint . The splint kept his airway open, will grow with him, and later will dissolve so nothing will stay in his airway. It is three years later and that baby, along with two more babies who had the same problem, is happy and healthy.	Researchers at the University of Michigan have released a report showing the results of a study in which infant patients diagnosed with life-threatening tracheobronchial malacia were treated with 3D printed airway splints , allowing them to breathe. “Three years ago, we were in a situation where we were seeing children die on a regular basis from tracheobronchial malacia, and Scott Hollister and I were working on trying to find a solution to this. While we were working on trying to find a solution, I heard about Kaiba Gionfriddo . Kaiba was in great distress . He was having episodes where it looked like he might die any day. We were able to get approval to move forward with the splint. The way that the splint was designed, to open up and allow his airway to grow over time, that is exactly what happened to him. The way that the splint was designed to eventually dissolve and leave him with no evidence of ever having had a 3D tracheal splint, that process is taking place. It’s been three years now since the splint and it’s wonderful to see all the changes that have happened over these three years. Kaiba’s now running around, he’s playing with his family. It’s wonderful and beyond anything that I could have hoped for.” All three babies were the first in the world to receive the treatment a few years ago and are now functioning well. “So after Kaiba, we had two other children that had very similar situations that came to us. And to know that we had a process in play, we were able to be much quicker about designing it and the process went much smoother for the other children. And it’s similarly been exciting to watch as these children went from a situation where it looks like their parents would have to be preparing for their funerals, and instead they’re watching their children grow and develop . Watching these children now, able to go and function well, able to be at home with their families, able to enjoy the holidays with their families, is so exciting to see.”
Australia has problems with weather. It does not rain for a long time in some parts of Australia. Wildfires destroy forests and homes, too. Floods are in other places. Now, one more problem is in New South Wales. There are too many mice. The mice destroy crops . Farmers do not know what to do. The government has a plan. The government buys a chemical from India. The chemical is very dangerous. It is not legal in Australia. The government must change the law. Then, farmers can use the chemical. Some people are not happy. They say that the chemical will kill other animals, too.	Millions of mice are destroying crops in Australia´s New South Wales. Recently, Australia had big problems with wildfires, floods and dry weather, which brought many problems to farmers across the country. Now, another problem came, which could bring a big crisis to New South Wales. Australia needs to do something very quickly. The government ordered 5,000 liters of a dangerous chemical called Bromadiolone from India. The chemical is illegal in Australia, and the government must change the law quickly. Then, it will be possible to use the chemical. Some people are not happy with the idea, and they say that the chemical will kill not only mice but other animals, too.	Australia´s rushing to legalize a dangerous poison in a bid to wipe out a plague of mice. Millions of rodents have been destroying crops and stored grain across the country´s south-east. It´s a cruel blow to farmers in a region that´s already ravaged by wildfires, floods, and drought. According to the Agriculture Minister Adam Marshall, Australia was at a critical point and if the country didn´t significantly reduce the number of mice by spring, it would cause an absolute economic and social crisis in rural and regional New South Wales. The state government´s ordered 5,000 liters of the banned poison Bromadiolone from India; however, critics fear that it could kill not only mice but also the animals that prey on them in the wild.
Alan Rickman is an actor. He is famous from the “Harry Potter” films. He played Professor Snape. He also played in the film “Sweeney Todd” and “Love Actually”. He was a theatre director , too. Alan Rickman dies. He is 69. He dies of cancer . His family and friends are with him when he dies.	Actor and theatre director Alan Rickman died at age 69. People mostly know the actor for his role of Professor Snape in the “Harry Potter” series. He also played a judge in “Sweeney Todd,” and a husband in “Love Actually.” The actor never revealed which project was his favourite. He died of cancer and his family and friends surrounded him at the time.	Actor and director Alan Rickman has passed away , aged 69. The star known for his epic performances, like strict potions master Professor Snape in the “Harry Potter series,” the sweet-singing but also slightly scary judge in “Sweeney Todd,” the would-be cheating husband in “Love Actually” or Bruce Willis’s enemy Hans in “Die Hard,” just to name a few. Rickman’s family confirmed the actor died of cancer and was surrounded by friends and family at the time. Although best known for his portrayal of baddies , Alan was also an accomplished theatre director, directing the award-winning play “My Name is Rachel Corrie” in 2005. Tributes have been flooding in for the BAFTA, Golden Globe and Emmy Award-winning actor who said he could never quite reveal which of his many projects was his favourite. “The thing is, when people ask you about films, you remember the film a bit, but you really remember where you were and the friends you made and what bit of the planet you were on and so the name of a film has a complicated set of memories to me, and I wouldn’t want to be disloyal to anybody.” “Best person you’ve met then; you must have met a few.” “I’m not falling for that one!”
Students around the world must stay at home. They cannot go to schools. The reason is the coronavirus. Schools are closed. Schools cancel graduation ceremonies. A graduation ceremony is a special event for students. It happens when students finish their school. Students and families come to the ceremony. Students get diplomas . Barack Obama is the former US president. His wife and he are planning a virtual graduation ceremony for US students. Some famous people take part such as Condoleeza Rice, Malala Yousafzai, and Lady Gaga. Obama says that he loves graduation ceremonies. They are important for students. The ceremony is a special moment. Students work hard for many years. They celebrate with their families and school friends when they finish their studies.	Many schools worldwide are having online classes, and they have canceled graduation ceremonies . The reason is the coronavirus. Students must stay at home, and it is not possible to hold big events with too many people. Barack and Michelle Obama are planning an online graduation ceremony for students in the US who cannot get their diplomas in person. The event will host famous people such as Condoleeza Rice, the former Secretary of State, and singers Lady Gaga and Alicia Keys. Barack Obama said that he loves graduation ceremonies. He thinks that they are the highest point of years of hard work. His wife and he are happy that they can celebrate this moment with the graduates and their families.	Due to the coronavirus pandemic, many schools have moved classes online and they canceled traditional graduation ceremonies . Barack and Michelle Obama are planning a virtual graduation ceremony for those who cannot walk across the stage this spring. The former US president and first lady announced that they are partnering with Reach Higher and YouTube to host ´Dear Class of 2020´. The event will feature appearances from figures like Condoleeza Rice, the former Secretary of State, and celebrities like Lady Gaga and Alicia Keys. Barack Obama said that he has always loved being a part of graduation ceremonies. He said that they are the culmination of years of hard work and sacrifice, and his wife and he are excited to celebrate and recognize this milestone with the graduates and their families.
A special restaurant opens in London. Everything in it is 3D printed. The food is even 3D printed. The restaurant’s boss says that the future is coming quickly. A lot of people are excited . Some people are also worried. The restaurant brings people together. They can talk about the future. Machines print the food. Chefs and artists design the files for the computers. The restaurant wants to have events in more cities. The events may happen in Barcelona, Cape Town, and Sydney.	A pop-up restaurant in London offers a unique experience. All of its food, furniture and utensils are 3D printed. The founder of the restaurant says that the future is coming very quickly. A lot of people are excited about it, but some are also worried. The idea of the restaurant is to bring people together and to have conversations about it. The food was printed at the click of a mouse, and the files for the printers came from a team of chefs and artists. The restaurant plans to have events in other cities soon such as Barcelona, Cape Town, and Sydney.	A 3D-printing restaurant has set its sights  on the world after an exclusive limited run in London. The pop-up diner Food Ink says it offers a one-off kind of gourmet experience since all the food, utensils and furniture are completely produced through 3D printing. “The future is coming at us very, very quickly and a lot of people are excited about it. A lot of this new technology is empowering and liberating and positive for people, but we’re also a little bit disconcerted , so the idea is to use the universal language of food to bring people together to have a conversation about all the ways in which the tune of the future is rapidly affecting us and to leave from our restaurant being inspired but also with a few critical questions in our own lives about how we can move into the future more sustainably.” Doing its three-day opening in London’s Shoreditch, Food Ink’s team of chefs and artists created files for the printers to make a nine-course meal. Some of the ink used included potato, avocado, chocolate and passion fruit paste. The food was printed layer by layer at the click of a mouse. Food Ink says it plans to take the concept across the world and could have upcoming dining events in cities such as Barcelona, Cape Town, and Sydney soon.
There are big wildfires in South Korea. Thousands of people evacuate . Fires destroy more than 100 homes. They injure eleven people. Two or more people die. One big fire started last Thursday. In one day, it burns 1,300 acres of land.	There are big wildfires in South Korea. Thousands of people evacuate, fires destroy more than 100 homes, they injure eleven people, and at least two people died. People say that it is possible that a spark from a transformer started the fire last Thursday. Due to strong winds, the fire grew quickly. By Friday, it had burned more than 1,300 acres of land.	South Korea declared a national emergency after massive wildfires spread across the country. Thousands of people evacuated, fires destroyed more than 100 homes, fires injured eleven people, and at least two people have died. The BBC reported that a spark from a transformer in a city northeast of Seoul probably started the fire last Thursday. The fire then quickly spread from strong winds – it burned more than 1,300 acres of land. The military joined the firefighters to battle the flames. They contained one fire, but half-contained a second one by Friday.
Two Australian police officers are in the ocean. They are on a small boat. They are working. Suddenly, a great white shark swims up to them. Luckily, the very scary meeting ends quickly. The shark swims away.	Two Australian police officers were out in the ocean, and they were conducting safety and compliance checks when a great white shark suddenly swam up to their small boat. Luckily, the heart-stopping meeting ended quickly when the shark swam away.	While out on the ocean, two Australian police officers were conducting safety and compliance checks when they suddenly came face-to-face with a great white shark. Thankfully, the heart-stopping encounter ended quickly as the shark swam away from the dinghy .
Adam West was an actor. He played Batman in the 1960s. He died last week. He was 88. People talk about him. They say that he made people laugh. He made people happy. People put the Bat-Signal on a building.	Adam West was an actor who played Batman in the 1960s TV series. He died last week at the age of 88. In his honour, people lit up the Bat-Signal across Los Angeles City Hall. Burt Ward played Robin in the show and he was a friend of West’s. He gave a speech at the event. He said that Adam West spent his life as a performer who made people happy, made them laugh, and tried to make the world a better place.	Adam West, the actor who played Batman in the 1960s TV series, died last week aged 88. People lit up the Bat-Signal at the Los Angeles City Hall in his honour. Burt Ward, who played Robin in the show, was at the event to pay tribute to his friend, saying that he spent his entire life as a performer making people happy, making them laugh, and trying to make the world a better place.
The weather is very hot in Brazil. The temperatures rise to 48°C. Some animals in a zoo are very hot. They are not active. They are tired . People want to make the animals feel better. People help them. They give them frozen food. There are 2700 animals at the zoo. They eat two tonnes of frozen food every day.	Temperatures rose up to 48°C in Brazil this summer, and animals in a zoo in Rio de Janeiro felt the heat. The heat made them tired and not very active. The zoo came up with a great way to cool off its 2700 animals. Now all the food for the animals comes in blocks of ice. Every day people deliver around two tonnes of the frozen food. Some of the frozen foods are watermelons and mangos. The cold food refreshes the animals and helps them be more active.	Animals in Brazil have been feeling the heat, so what better way to cool off than with some ice  lollies ? Yes, that’s right! Keepers at Rio de Janeiro’s Jardim Zoological Zoo have been handing out ice-cold treats , including frozen meats and flavoured ice cream to keep their residents cool. Temperatures have soared as high as 48°C in Brazil this summer, so the zoo has ordered all its food to be delivered in blocks of ice. “These frozen fruits and the ice cream help the animals keep cool in this heat which also helps against fatigue . Giving them ice cream refreshes them and increases their physical activity. It stimulates their activity in this environment.” Around two tonnes of food, including fruits such as watermelon and mango, have been distributed daily to the 2700 animals at the zoo during the heat wave.
Omar al-Bashir is Sudan’s president earlier this year. People say that he does terrible crimes when he is president. In April, the military overthrows him. Now he is at court for several crimes. Recently, a judge says that Bashir is guilty of corruption . Bashir can go to a reform facility . This is because he is 75 years old. In Sudan, people over 70 do not have to go to prison if their crimes are not very serious. However, Bashir has to stay at a prison now. This is while he is at the court.	Omar al-Bashir was Sudan’s past president. In April, the military took him out of his job because people said that he had done terrible crimes. He is now in trials for several crimes. Recently, a judge found Bashir guilty of corruption and gave him two years in a reform facility instead of a prison. Sudanese law says that people over 70 do not go to prison if their crimes are not punishable by death . Bashir is 75. However, Bashir has to stay in a maximum security prison now while the trials happen.	Omar al-Bashir was Sudan’s former president, and in April, the military took him out of his position. When he was the leader, people said that he had committed  war  crimes . Bashir is now in trials for several crimes. Recently, a judge found Bashir guilty of corruption and for illegally keeping foreign money. The judge gave him two years of detention in a reform  facility instead of a prison. Sudanese law says that anyone over 70 does not go to prison if his crime is not punishable by death. Bashir is 75. However, Bashir has to stay in a maximum security prison now while the trials happen because one of the trials is about if he killed protesters; that crime could be punishable by death. If he is not guilty, he will go to a reform facility.
Here is some news from the USA. A soldier fought in Iraq. He is not mentally OK. He is under a lot of stress . He does something bad at a military base in Texas. He drives to two buildings. He starts to shoot a gun. He kills three people. He injures sixteen people. People stop the soldier. He kills himself. This is not the first shooting at this base. There was a shooting in 2009. That shooting killed thirteen people. It injured thirty-two people. President Obama is worried about this event.	An American soldier drove to two buildings and opened fire at a military base in Texas. He killed three people and injured at least sixteen. Military police stopped the soldier. He then shot himself in the head. The soldier fought in Iraq and he was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder . The military base was also the site of another shooting in 2009. In that shooting, thirteen people died and thirty-two were injured. The latest shooting is the third one at a military base in the USA in around six months. President Obama called the shooting troubling .	A U.S. soldier shot three people dead and injured at least 16 on Wednesday before he took his own life at the Fort Hood Army Base in Texas. The soldier, who was being treated for post-traumatic stress disorder after fighting in Iraq, drove to two buildings on the base and opened fire before he was stopped by military police. He then shot himself in the head. The incident lasted between 15 and 20 minutes. All the wounded and killed were military personnel . Fort Hood was also the site of another deadly shooting rampage in 2009 where 13 people were killed and 32 wounded. Wednesday’s shooting is the third incident at a military base in the US in around six months. President Obama has called the shooting troubling. “The folks there have sacrificed so much on behalf of our freedom. Many of the people there have been through multiple tours in Iraq and Afghanistan. They serve with valour , and they serve with distinction . When they’re at their home base, they need to feel safe.”
David Bennet comes from Maryland, US. He is 57 years old. He is very ill. He needs a new heart. Sadly, he cannot get a heart from another person. Luckily, he can get a pig heart. The heart is genetically-modified . Doctors in Maryland do the operation . The operation is seven hours long. It is dangerous. It is never successful in the past. It is the last chance for Bennet. He survives the operation. He is doing well three days later. Doctors do not know how long he can live. Such operations are not usual. Doctors need to get special permission. The permission means that a US official says that they can do the operation.	Doctors in Maryland, US, moved a pig heart into a human. The operation took seven hours, and doctors used a genetically-modified pig heart. There were similar operations in the past, but they were never successful. Last week’s operation was successful because the patient’s body did not reject the heart immediately. The patient was doing well three days after the operation, but it was not possible to say if he would live or for how long. The patient was a 57-year-old man from Maryland. The operation was his last chance because he was too sick to get a human heart. The operation was not a usual procedure, and doctors needed special permission to complete it.	For the first time in history, doctors transplanted a pig’s heart into a human. The patient was 57-year-old David Bennet from Maryland, US. He was too sick for a human heart, so doctors at the University of Maryland School of Medicine used a modified pig heart in a last-ditch effort to save the man’s life. Earlier attempts at such a transplant failed; however, Bennet was doing well, and Friday’s surgery showed for the first time that a modified animal heart could work in the human body without immediate problems. The seven-hour surgery was a major step in using animal organs for life-saving transplants; however, it’s too soon to say if the operation will work, and the man’s long-term chances of survival. A US medical authority gave the doctors a special dispensation to perform the procedure, with the reason, that Bennet had a fatal heart disease, and he would have died otherwise.
This news is about a woman. She is from England. She is working in her garden. She scratches her hand. This does not look like a big problem. However, she has pain in her shoulder. She sees a doctor. The doctor gives her pain killers. The woman gets worse. She goes to hospital. The doctors do blood tests. The woman has sepsis . She dies two days later. More than 150,000 people have sepsis in Britain. Forty-four thousand people die because of it.	This news is about a woman from England. She was working in her garden when she scratched her hand. Not long after the scratch, she noticed pain in her shoulder. She visited her doctor, but the doctor did not think that the scratch had anything to do with the pain. The doctor only gave her pain killers and sent her to a physiotherapist . However, the woman and mother of two got worse. She went to hospital where doctors took her blood for tests. They found out that she was suffering from sepsis . The woman died two days later. There are more than 150,000 cases of sepsis in the UK each year. Forty-four thousand people die from it.	Lucy Smith, a mother of two from England, was just 43 years old when she died from sepsis . She got it from an everyday action – she scratched the back of her hand when she was working in her garden. This is something that can happen to anyone at any time. The injury was not brought to anybody’s attention at first, but not long after the cut, Lucy developed pain in her shoulder. She visited her GP , but a connection between the scratch and her pain was not made. The doctor diagnosed a trapped nerve , gave her pain killers, and sent her to see a physiotherapist. However, her symptoms worsened three days later, so she went to A & E . The doctors there took her blood for tests. Within an hour, they knew that she was suffering from cellulitis – a blood condition which is easily treated with antibiotics, but unfortunately, if neglected , it morphs into sepsis and this is what happened. Two days later, the woman died. There are more than 150,000 cases of sepsis in the UK each year, resulting in 44,000 deaths. Lucy’s family now wants to raise awareness among GPs and the public. All this takes is a simple blood test. Lucy’s two children are now looked after by their dad and they can remember their mum at a garden named in her memory.
This news is from England. Policemen want to stop a car. They are successful. There are four young people in the car. The car stops. The four young people try to run away. The policemen want to stop them. The young people are fast. One policeman has an idea. He starts to bark like a dog. He is very realistic . People think that he is a real dog. One young man stops and he does not run away. People make jokes about the policeman because he barks like a dog. This is not important to him. His tactic is good and it is important.	A police officer in England caught a man by pretending to be a dog. The policeman was chasing a man and barked at him so realistically that everyone around thought that he had a trained dog with him. It all started on the streets of southwest England on Thursday. The policeman and his team were  involved  in a high speed chase. They stopped the car with four young people inside but they tried to run away. When the people were running away, the policeman started to bark like a dog, and one young man stopped. Since the incident, other people made some jokes about the policeman, but he does not care. His tactic worked and it is all that matters.	Police Constable Hutton and hit team from England were involved in a high-speed chase when they used stinger devices to bring the car to a stop. The four young people in the vehicle started to run away, but quick thinking and one unusual tactic stopped one man from getting away. The PC was able to bark so realistically that everyone around thought that he had a trained canine with him . The policeman has been the subject of a fair few jokes since the incident, but who cares if people think that you are barking mad if it means that you get your man ?
One internet video has 20 million views. The video shows a boy. He is on a bike. A dog attacks the boy. The dog bites his leg. The boy falls off the bike. A cat helps the boy. Her name is Tara. She attacks the dog. It runs away. People like the cat. They call her a hero . The cat starts a baseball game. A lot of people come. They want to see the cat.	People viewed a video on the internet more than 20 million times. It showed a dog who attacked a boy on a bike. The dog bit the boy on his leg and dragged him off of his bike. Luckily, there was a cat which saved the boy. Her name was Tara and she launched on the dog and made it go away. People loved the cat and they hailed her a hero. The cat started a minor baseball league on Tuesday. Many people came just to see the cat.	The cat that was hailed a hero after this video of her saving a young boy from a dog attack has thrown the first pitch at a baseball game. Tara, the California cat, threw a ceremonial pitch at the start of a minor league baseball game on Tuesday. Well, kind of. Four-year-old Jeremy was viciously bitten on the leg and dragged off his bike by a dog last week before Tara lunged to save him. Jeremy threw the first pitch of the game before handing the ball to his cat. Fearless tabby Tara drew a large crowd of “hero cat” fans to the stadium with attendance nearly triple that of a usual Tuesday night game. The clip of the daring rescue, uploaded by Jeremy’s dad last week, shows a dog dragging him from his bike, just as Tara ran to the rescue and chased it away. The video has now been viewed more than 20 million times.
A petrol station has a new boss. The petrol station is in a small village. The boss wants to make more money. So he writes on the door, “Free sex when you buy a lot of petrol”. One man comes. His name is Hugo. He buys a lot of petrol and he asks for the free sex. The boss tells him, “Tell me a number from 1 to 10.” Hugo says, “8”. The boss says, “You were near. The number was 7. Sorry. No sex today.” The next week, Hugo comes with his friend Augustin. Hugo buys a lot of petrol again. He asks for free the sex. The boss wants the correct number again. Hugo says, “2” this time. The owner says, “Hm, sorry, it was 3. No sex today.” Hugo is not happy and he tells his friend Augustin, “I think it is a marketing trick and there is no free sex.” Augustin says, “No, it isn’t a trick. My wife won twice last week.”  www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.	A petrol station owner is trying to make more sales in a small village, so he writes on the door, “Free sex for a full tank”. People start coming in bigger numbers. One of the first people is Hugo. He fills his tank and asks for the free sex. The owner tells him, “Tell me a number from 1 to 10.” Hugo says, “8”. The owner says, “Hm, you were close. The number was 7. Sorry. No sex this time.” Next week Hugo comes with his friend Augustin. Hugo fills his tank again and asks for the free sex again. The owner asks him for a correct number again. Hugo says, “2” this time. The owner says, “Sorry, it was 3. No sex today.” Hugo is angry and he tells his friend Augustin, “I think it is a marketing trick and there is no free sex.” Augustin says, “No it isn’t a trick. My wife won twice last week.”  www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.	A petrol station owner is trying to increase his sales in a small village, so he puts up a sign that says, “Free sex for a full tank”. People start coming in bigger numbers. One of the first is Hugo. He fills his tank and asks for the free sex. The owner tells him to guess a number from 1 to 10. Hugo guesses, “8”. The owner says, “You were close but the number is 7. Sorry. No sex this time.” Next week Hugo comes with his friend Augustin. Hugo fills his tank again and asks for free sex. The owner asks him to guess the correct number. Hugo says, “2” this time. The owner says, “Sorry, it was 3. No sex today.” Hugo is upset and he tells his friend Augustin, “I think it is a marketing trick and there is no free sex.” Augustin replies, “No it isn’t a trick. My wife won twice last week.”  www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.
In North Carolina, a kayaker is in a river. Suddenly, the water pushes him into logs . The logs push him into debris . He is trapped . Firefighters come to help him. They use a large ladder and a boat to get to him. The rescue takes about two hours. People send the man to hospital. Officials tell people not to go into the river. It is dangerous.	In North Carolina, a kayaker was in a river when strong water pushed him and logs into debris . The man became trapped . Firefighters were able to reach him with a large ladder and a boat, and the rescue took about two hours. Emergency services sent the man to hospital and told people not to go into the river. The water has grown and is dangerous from recent rain.	In North Carolina, a kayaker was in the South Ford of the Catawba River when a strong current pushed him and logs into debris , which then trapped him. Luckily, firefighters were able to reach him by using a large ladder and a boat, and the rescue took about two hours. Emergency services sent the man to hospital and urged people not to go into the river, which is swollen and dangerous from recent rain.
There is an incident in Irkutsk. It is a city in Siberia. A truck drives into a supermarket. A security camera films the moment. The truck is going quite fast. It seriously injures one shopper. The driver is uninjured. He says that the brakes do not work.	Russian police released security camera video which shows the moment that a truck drove into a supermarket. The incident happened in Irkutsk, one of Siberia’s largest cities. The truck was going quite fast and seriously injured one shopper. The truck driver was unharmed . People say that he said that the brakes on the truck failed.	Russian police released security camera footage showing the moment that a truck ploughed into a supermarket in Irkutsk, one of Siberia’s largest cities. The truck was going quite fast and seriously injured one shopper. The driver, who was unharmed , reportedly said that the brakes failed.
In Singapore, there is a summit . Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un meet there. They sign a document. It is very important. In the document, North Korea promises to get rid of nuclear weapons.	A historic summit happened in Singapore when Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un met there. They signed a document in which North Korea commits to complete denuclearisation . At the end of the summit, Trump said that Kim and him had a ‘great relationship’. Jong-un said that the world would change because of the document.	During the historic summit in Singapore, US President Donald Trump and the North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un met. They sat down to sign a ‘ comprehensive document’ committing North Korea to complete denuclearisation . The summit ended with Trump saying that the two had a ‘great relationship’ and his counterpart added the world would see a major change.
Serbia is a country in Southeast Europe. There is a lot of lithium in the ground near the town of Loznica. Lithium is an important part of batteries for electric cars. The problem is that getting lithium is bad for nature. The Serbian government makes a law . This law makes it possible to mine the lithium. And a company buys land near Loznica. The company waits for the government to say it is OK. Then it will start mining. Thousands of people protest in Serbia last week. A protest is when you show or say you are angry. These people are angry about the situation. They say that the government does not care about nature. The government wants only money.	Thousands of people protested in Serbian towns against the plans to mine lithium around the town of Loznica. The government supported the plans, and it already sold land near the town to an Anglo-Australian company Rio Tinto. It made many people angry, and they said that the president did not care about the environment. Lithium is an important part of batteries for electric cars, but lithium mines pollute the land a lot. People said that the president did not solve environmental problems, and he cared only about money. People, who disagreed  with the protests, said that protesters wanted to change the elections which will take place next year.	Thousands of protesters in the Serbian town of Novi Sad blocked main roads and bridges on Saturday to express their anger over lithium mining plans. It was the second such nationwide protest called by environmental groups as there is growing public dissatisfaction with the autocratic leadership of Serbian president Aleksander Vucic. People have criticized him for not fighting widespread pollution and ignoring environmental concerns over lithium mining. The Serbian government already passed two laws to help a lithium mine by company Rio Tinto begin to work. There are big amounts of lithium, a key part for electric car batteries, around the western town of Loznica, where the Anglo-Australian company is buying land. However, it’s still awaiting final approval from the government to begin mining. Protests showed up despite police warnings and an intimidation campaign by authorities. The protests come months ahead of national elections in 2022, with critics of the protests accusing organizers of creating problems to undermine Vucic before the elections.
A plane takes off. A strong wind hits it. The plane later crashes. One hundred and three people are on the plane. None of them die. Forty-nine people go to hospital. Some people are completely OK. Some people walk away before emergency services arrive .	A gust of wind hit a plane in Mexico shortly after take-off and the plane crashed. Miraculously , no one died in the crash, and some passengers even walked away before emergency services arrived. Forty-nine of the 103 people on board went to hospital.	A gust of wind hit a plane in Mexico shortly after getting off the ground and the pilot was forced to abort take-off. The plane crashed but, miraculously , no one died. Some passengers even walked away from the fiery wreck before emergency services arrived. Forty-nine of the 103 people on board went to hospital.
Amboseli is a wildlife park. It is on the border between Kenya and Tanzania. 2,000 elephants and many other animals live there. Elephants need a lot of land. Three parks work together. Animals move freely in the parks. Then a company buys a piece of land near Amboseli. The company wants to grow avocados there. Many people love avocados. They are very healthy. Avocados become more popular every year. The farm manager says that many people will get a job on the farm. The farm will block the way between the parks. The elephants will not get to one of the parks. It is bad news for the park. Officials decide that the company can make the farm in 2020. They think about how to change this now.	A Kenyan company bought a piece of land near the Amboseli National Park. This park is on the border between Kenya and Tanzania and many wildlife lovers visit it to watch elephants and other animals that live there. The company bought 175 acres of land to grow avocados. Avocado is becoming popular in all the world because it is very healthy. E nvironmentalists are not happy with the company´s plans because it will have a bad impact on the animals. Three parks in the area started to work together because they wanted to help animals move freely. The avocado farm will block the animals´ way between the parks. The farm´s manager said that the farm would give jobs to many people and they would use the land better.	The impressive sight of elephants roaming beneath Mount Kilimanjaro has long brought wildlife lovers to Amboseli National Park on Kenya´s border with Tanzania. However, the elephants´ ability to move freely may be under threat from an unexpected adversary , avocados. A Kenyan agricultural company has farms across 175 acres of land near Amboseli, and now it´s building nurseries with the intention of growing the fruit that has a popularity growing worldwide because of its high nutritional value. However, conservationists say that the plans and electric fence on the farm will block the important wildlife corridor where elephants move between three national parks. Two thousand Amboseli elephants and many other wildlife species could be affected by the avocado farm. The company said that it obtained the land legally and then received government approval in 2020. According to the farm´s manager, the farm will be a source of employment, and it will increase the value of the land.
This news is from Arizona, USA. Somebody snorkels in the Colorado River. The person finds something. It is two human skeletons ! The person calls the police. The police come. They look at the skeletons. They see that they are not real. Somebody put the skeletons into the water for fun. The skeletons even have names – Bernie and Bernadette. They may bring tourists to the area.	A person in Arizona was snorkelling in the Colorado River when he discovered something shocking – two human skeletons ! He called police to the site and found out that the skeletons were not real. What’s more, they were relaxing and enjoying a tea party. Two divers placed the skeletons Bernie and Bernadette in the river in August 2014. They did it for fun. The skeletons may bring more tourists to the area.	Police in the American state of Arizona thought that they were about to embark on a grim investigation when they received reports of human remains at the bottom of the Colorado River. On closer inspection, and much to the relief of emergency crews, the so-called remains were two fake skeletons enjoying a tea party. The discovery of the underwater bash came after officers received reports that a snorkeler had saw human bones, but they soon found the pair donning sunglasses and lounging in lawn chairs on the riverbed. One of the skeletons bore a sign reading, “ Bernie  living the dream in the river.” Two divers later came forward to claim responsibility for creating the skeleton tea party. The pair placed the skeletons named Bernie and Bernadette in the river in August 2014 for their own amusement. The county lieutenant expressed hopes that the dive site will become a tourist attraction for the area.
Indigenous children in Canada go to residential schools . They leave home. They live in cold and dirty buildings. This happens in the 19 th and 20 th centuries. More than 150,000 indigenous children stay in these schools. Reports say that more than 6,000 children die there. People find the graves of these children recently. July 1 is a special day in Canada. Three British colonies get together in 1867. People in Canada celebrate this day every year. People protest this year. They are angry. People damage the statues of Queen Victoria and Elizabeth II. They are important persons in British history in the 19 th and 20 th centuries.	Protesters in Manitoba, Canada, pulled down the statue of two British queens. For them, Queen Victoria and Elizabeth II represented Canada´s colonial history. Recently, people discovered graves at residential schools. Indigenous children had to go to residential schools in the 19 th and 20 th centuries. The idea was to make them a part of Canadian society. More than 150,000 children went to these schools, and they lived in very bad conditions. Reports say that more than 6,000 children died there. July 1 is Canada Day when people celebrate the founding by British colonies in 1867. This year, officials in many places canceled the celebrations, and protesters damaged statues of people who were part of the colonial history.	Protesters in Manitoba, Canada, have pulled down the statues of Queen Victoria and Elizabeth II, the two royals who are seen as representative of the country´s colonial history. The toppling came on Canada Day, an annual celebration on July 1 that marks the country´s founding by British colonies in 1867. The recent discoveries of unmarked graves at residential schools prompted calls for national celebrations to be called off. The graves belonged to indigenous children who were sent to the country´s notorious residential schools. More than 150,000 indigenous Canadian children were taken from their families and forced to attend the schools during the 19 th and 20 th centuries. The goal was to forcibly assimilate them into society. An estimated 6,000 children died while attending these schools, and students were often housed in poorly built and poorly heated facilities. Governments across Canada canceled celebrations, and statues of figures involved with residential schools were vandalized or removed. The British government condemned the toppling of the statues.
This news is from Lyon, France. The Euro tournament is in Lyon. 20,000 people come to Lyon. Leaders there want everyone to be ready for a terrorist attack. People make an app to give information. The app tells you if there is an attack. It also tells you if an attack is coming. You can find information about different areas of the city. People also practice for terrorist attacks. They run from a gunman and fall to the ground. They know what to do if a gunman actually comes.	In Lyon, France, there are preparations for the Euro tournament, which lasts from June 10 to July 10. Leaders expect that up to 20,000 visitors will come to Lyon, and they want everyone to be ready for the possibility of a terrorist attack. They hold drills to practice for attacks with volunteers playing gunmen and victims to understand what to do during attacks. Some programmers also create an app to give information about actual or potential attacks in different parts of the city. Leaders hope that if the app works well, they can use it for natural disasters .	Running away from a masked gunman and dropping to the ground, these aren’t victims of a terrorist attack but volunteers in a security drill in Lyon. As part of the launch of the security mobile app by French authorities, a full-sized drill was conducted to alert and prepare visitors to the Euros for an attack – should it happen. Just 2 days before the Euro tournament gets underway, the app which aims to inform and advise people on what to do if such an event occurs, was tested in the Lyon fan zone. The area is expected to bring in up to 20,000 people during the duration of the European Championship in France from June 10 to July 10. The Interior Ministry app flashes a warning on a user’s mobile phone screen if there is an attack close to their location or suspicion of an imminent  strike . Users can also request alerts for up to eight areas, including individual districts in the capital. It will be tested for the duration of the tournament to evaluate its effectiveness. If successful, the use of the app could be extended to other major incidents, such as earthquakes and floods.
In Argentina, a whale has a big problem. It beaches on the coast. It is very big. It cannot move. It stays like this for more than 24 hours. People try to help the whale. They wait for the tide to rise . They try to use a rope to move the whale. Then they try to use a hose to pull the whale. They pull it to deeper water. The tide is not very high. But the whale can swim. It can swim away. It looks like it waves when it swims away.	In Argentina, a humpback whale beached itself and could not get back to deeper water. It stayed in this dangerous state for more than 24 hours. People tried to help the whale but it was difficult. The whale was 15 metres in length and it weighed over 10 tonnes. People waited for the tide to rise, then tried to use a rope and finally used a hose to pull the whale into open waters . The whale was able to swim away successfully. It looked like it waved back to the people as it swam.	Dozens of people rushed to rescue a humpback whale that became beached off the Argentine coast. The whale was in a state of peril for more than 24 hours with authorities saying it was exhausted . The plan was to wait for the tide to rise so it could move to deeper waters. The Argentine navy and other groups were on hand with rope to try and help move the whale. The mammal measured 15 metres in length and weighed over 10 tonnes. Dozens of rescuers used a hose to help drag the whale into open waters. Whale sightings are rare in Buenos Aires. The marine mammal is usually spotted around the country’s southern peninsula during whale season . Despite a tide that was not quite as high as originally hoped, the mission was successful, and the whale could be seen swimming out to deeper waters, even seeming to give a wave on its way.
This news is from South Carolina in the USA. It is about the Confederate flag. It is a very controversial flag. For some people, it a symbol of their history. For others, it is a symbol of racism. One month ago, a man killed nine black people. They were in a church. The man had the flag. People start to talk about the flag. Politicians talk about this in the statehouse . They take down the flag outside the statehouse.	The Confederate battle flag is a very controversial banner in South Carolina, USA. For some, it is a symbol of their heritage and history. For others, it is simply a symbol of racism. The flag has flown above the statehouse for 50 years, but it now people will remove it. Why? People started talking about the flag last month after a man killed nine black people at a church. The 21-year-old killer was waving that flag.	South Carolina has voted to take down the Confederate flag after 16 hours of debate and weeks of controversy . In a move considered unthinkable by many just a month ago, the flag, which has flown above the statehouse for more than 50 years, will now be removed. After the House passed the bill, in a surprise landslide by 93 to 27 votes, there were hugs, tears and high fives in the chamber. South Carolina’s governor Nikki Haley signed the bill after a long and rowdy legislative session. The move comes as Republican leaders in Congress called for talks on the flying of the flag across the US. A vote on a measure to defend the flying of the banner in cemeteries operated by the National Park Service was cancelled on Thursday. The backlash against the emblem was sparked when a gunman Dylan Roof killed nine black people at a Charleston church last month. The 21-year-old was pictured brandishing the flag. The Confederate battle flag is a very controversial banner in South Carolina. For some, it’s a symbol of their heritage and history. For others, it’s simply a reminder of slavery, racism and white  supremacy .
In England, master  chocolatiers make something special for Easter. They make a big chocolate Thomas the Tank Engine. It takes them 250 hours. The replica is 140 kilogrammes heavy. Thomas comes to a train station in London. Children and adults are happy to see him. A ‘ Fat Controller ’ also comes. He gives out chocolate eggs.	In England, master chocolatiers created a giant chocolate Thomas the Tank Engine to celebrate Easter. It took them 250 hours to make the 140-kilogramme replica of the famous blue engine. Thomas came to King’s Cross Station in London and children and adults were happy to see him. A ‘ Fat Controller ’ also came to give out chocolate eggs.	To celebrate Easter, a 140-kilogramme chocolate Thomas the Tank Engine arrived at King’s Cross Station in London. Master chocolatiers created the giant sculpture, and it took them 250 hours to craft the exact replica of the blue engine. Thomas delighted children and adults when they saw him. A ‘ Fat Controller ’ also came to give out chocolate eggs to everyone.
This news is from Afghanistan. The country is in a difficult situation. It does not have many resources . In one region, there are avalanches . More than 119 people die. Around 200 homes are destroyed. Two villages are under the snow. Rescue teams try to help people. This is not easy. It is dangerous. Afghanistan does not have the resources for this.	Avalanches in Afghanistan killed at least 119 people. Heavy snowfall destroyed nearly 200 homes. In the area near the border with Pakistan, two villages are completely under the snow. Rescue teams are trying to get to the affected areas, but the routes are dangerous. The United Nations offered its help to Afghanistan, which is in trouble.	Avalanches in the Nuristan Province in Afghanistan have killed at least 119 people, and nearly 200 homes have been destroyed by the heavy snowfall. In the area near the border with Pakistan, two whole villages lie buried in snow. Rescue teams are now making their way across the treacherous routes, attempting to deliver food supplies through snow-blocked roads. The United Nations offered its help with the efforts as the Afghani government ploughs on with limited resources. Ashraf Ghani, the Afghan president, said that natural disasters can affect any country, but Afghanistan is affected more because of the limited resources caused by the imposed war. The necessary help can reach affected people but with difficulty.
Some Muslim women wear niqabs. It is a piece of material. It covers the face. Only the eyes are not covered. In Tunisia, there are two bombing attacks. They happen in the country’s capital. Two people die in the attacks. The police catch the organiser of the attacks. The police say that he is not wearing a niqab. However, people start saying that he is. The prime minister reacts to this. He bans niqabs in official buildings. He says that this is because of security. Tunisia is not the first country to do this. Critics hope that the ban is not forever.	The niqab is a type of veil which some Muslim women wear. They wear it in public to cover all of their face apart from the eyes. There were two suicide bombing attacks in the Tunisian capital last week. One police officer and a civilian died in the attacks. After police caught the organiser of the attacks, people started saying that he was wearing a niqab. The police said that it was not true that he was wearing a niqab. Tunisia’s prime minister banned niqab in official buildings because of security. Tunisia is not the only country which does this. Critics hope that the ban is not forever.	The niqab is a veil worn by some Muslim women in public, which covers all of the face apart from the eyes. It is a way of dressing modestly and it is a symbol of their faith. Tunisia’s prime minister recently banned the niqab in government buildings and public institutions, citing security concerns. His decision comes after two suicide bombing attacks happened in Tunis, the country’s capital, last week. A police officer and a civilian died in the attacks. Though police denied the fact, rumours spread that the coordinator of the attacks wore a niqab after he was caught. Tunisia joined a growing number of countries to ban the niqab for security reasons. Activists hope that the ban is only temporary .
This news is from Manchester. A car hits a boy. He is only eleven years old. The car does not stop after hitting him. It is quite shocking. The boy is lucky. He is not injured seriously . He goes to hospital. He misses only one day of school. Police look for the driver.	Here is some shocking footage . A camera filmed it in Manchester and it shows the moment a car hit a boy. The Honda knocked the 11-year-old boy to the ground, and then it drove away. Luckily, the incident was not fatal . The boy was taken to a local hospital. He was not injured seriously, and he missed only one day of school. The police are trying to identify the driver.	This is the shocking moment a hit and run motorist drove into an 11-year-old boy before making a getaway. Footage released by Greater Manchester Police shows the driver of a turquoise Honda Civic swerve into the child, knocking him to the ground before driving away. The incident, which could have been fatal , happened in Ashton-under-Lyne, Greater Manchester last week. Police are desperately trying to identify the driver, who they say shows a worrying level of apathy and regard for the young boy, who the driver left slumped in the middle of the road. The schoolboy was taken to a nearby hospital and remarkably only suffered minor injuries. He missed just one day of school.
People in Brazil have problems with money. Last year is very hard for them. Many people lose their jobs because of the coronavirus. They cannot pay rent . They have nowhere to live. Reports say that around 66,000 people are homeless. Homeless means that they have no home. The number is three times higher than in 2019. These people live in tents or shelters . Families beg for money on busy streets. They ask other people for help. Churches and charities help them. They give them food. The government helps, too. Sadly, the help ends this month. Experts worry that the situation will get worse. It seems that prices of things will go higher. More people will have problems to pay rent and buy food.	Last year´s economic crisis hit Brazil hard. The coronavirus is disappearing from big cities, but there are many people without homes or food. Reports say that the number of homeless people in the country tripled since 2019, and it is now more than 66,000. Some people lost their jobs during the pandemic, and they could not pay rent. Families slept in tents and shelters on beaches, and they asked for money on busy streets. Some hotels turned into shelters to help solve the situation. The president promised to support poor people, but the help will end this month. Experts worry that prices will continue to rise, and more people will be living on the street.	The coronavirus is fading from Brazil´s biggest cities; however, homelessness and hunger are on the rise. Estimates say that the number of people who lack money to afford housing now totals over 66,000, nearly triple the amount of the most recent census from 2019. In Rio de Janeiro, there are about 14,000, which is about double the last official count from last year. Tents and shelters line sidewalks, entire families beg at busy streets, and there are lines of people at the doors of churches and organizations that give help. Vaccines are now widespread; however, high inflation is removing the little that Brazil made after recovering from last year´s economic crisis. Ahead of next year’s elections, President Jair Bolsonaro is now promising to significantly grow cash transfers to the poor; however, economists fear that prices are going to continue rising.
Kemerovo is a city in Russia. A mall there is on fire. There are many children in the mall. People try to run away but they cannot. The emergency exits are locked. This must not happen. It is against regulations . Sixty-four people die in the fire. Forty-one of them are children. The mall owners are in trouble. Police arrest them. People are angry that so many people died. They protest.	A mall in the Siberian city of Kemerovo caught fire last Sunday. The cause of the fire was identified as a short circuit . Sixty-four people died in this fire, as it was the first weekend of school break and the mall was full of families with children. Forty-one of the victims were children. So many people died because of fire safety shortcomings – the emergency exits were locked and the fire alarm was switched off. Putin visited the city and said that this was terrible and criminal, and that the guilty ones would be punished. Police later arrested people from the firm that owns the shopping mall. Thousands of people protested at the offices of the local government, and they were angry that so many people died because of bad fire safety. Under heavy public criticism, the governor of the Kemerovo region stepped down.	A mall in the Siberian city of Kemerovo caught fire last Sunday, leaving 64 people dead. The cause of the fire was identified as a short circuit . At the time of the fire, the mall was full of families with children, as it was the first weekend of the school break, and 41 of the victims were children. The death toll was so high because the emergency exists in the mall were locked shut and the fire alarm was switched off. President Putin arrived in the city and blamed ‘criminal negligence ’ for the fire and said that all those guilty would be punished. Police later arrested an executive with the firm that owns the shopping mall. Thousands of angry people protested at the offices of the local government, saying that the leaders must be sacked over the fire safety shortcomings . Under heavy public criticism, the governor of the Kemerovo region resigned.
May 4th is Star Wars Day. It becomes Star Wars day because of the saying , “ May the 4th be with you “. People celebrate this day. They put videos and images on social media. Michelle and Barack Obama celebrate, too. Storm troopers and R2-D2 come to the White House. They all have fun and dance together.	People refer to May 4th as Star Wars Day because of the saying, “May the 4th be with you”. People from across the globe celebrated the event on social media. They shared videos and images from the popular film series. Michelle and Barack Obama celebrated the day, too. Some storm troopers and R2-D2 visited them. They all had fun and danced in the White House.	A storm trooper dance party in the White House. US President Barack Obama and his wife Michelle had some fun celebrating Star Wars Day with R2-D2 and some storm troopers. May 4th is referred to as Star Wars Day because of the saying, “May the 4th be with you”. People across the globe celebrated the event on social media, sharing videos and images from the hugely popular film series, but the late entry from the Obamas may perhaps be the most lasting image from this year’s celebrations. “Come on storm trooper! Come on, baby!”
Scientist works in an Antarctica. They see how the ice changes. Scientists find cracks on an ice shelf. An ice shelf is a big piece of ice which floats in the sea. It connects to land. The Brunt Ice Shelf starts to break. The cracks get bigger. There are more new cracks. Scientists think that a big piece of ice will break off in Antarctica. Then it happens on February 26. The piece of ice is 150 meters thick. It has about 1,270 square kilometers. Antarctica is a very big continent. It is very cold. Winters in Antarctica are long and dark. It is not possible to get to all places. Scientists use modern technologies. They help them study even the farthest and coldest places.	Ten years ago, scientists discovered cracks on the Brunt Ice Shelf in Antarctica. Since that time, they used satellites and GPS to watch the area. They saw many new cracks and chasms and it was clear that the shelf would break. Some parts of the shelf started to move, and they moved about 5 meters per day. Two weeks ago, a big iceberg finally broke free from the ice shelf. The iceberg was 150 meters thick, and it measured about 1,270 square kilometers. It is not possible to explore some parts of Antarctica because winters are very long and dark. Scientists use modern technologies and they help them watch places which they could not visit themselves.	A huge iceberg has broken off from the northern section of the Brunt Ice Shelf in Antarctica, almost 10 years after scientists discovered the first cracks. Scientists expected the detaching of the iceberg to happen, after monitoring the area with GPS instruments and satellite imagery on a daily basis. They have been closely watching the many cracks and chasms that have formed in the shelf over the past years. Recent data indicated that the region north of the new crack was very unstable, moving around 5 meters per day. Then, on Friday, February 26, the newer crack widened rapidly before finally breaking free from the rest of the floating ice shelf. The 150-meter-thick berg was compared in size to the English county of Bedfordshire, measuring to cover 1,270 square kilometers. Satellite monitoring offers views of events that happen in remote regions, regardless of day or night, which is especially important through the long, dark winter months.
Methane is a gas. It has no smell. People cannot see it. It still makes big changes on the world´s temperature . Methane has much more warming power than carbon dioxide . This means that methane makes the planet warmer than carbon dioxide. Methane causes about 25% of the growth in the world´s temperature. People can change this situation. It is not necessary to make better technologies or to buy less. The solution is easier. Methane is a natural gas in big oil and gas fields. Methane can easily go into the air. Scientists and experts with cameras can find the places where it happens. Companies can fix the pipes where methane comes out.	Methane is an invisible gas which has no smell. Scientists discovered that methane had much more warming power than carbon dioxide, another gas. Methane caused about 25% of the increase in the global temperature. People can avoid about 30% of the warming, which scientists expect in the next decades, but they won’t need to make any big changes. The reason is that oil and gas fields spill methane into the air, and sometimes they do not even know about it. Scientists and so-called methane hunters go around the oil fields, and they find gas leaks . They use a special camera that can see the methane leaking out of pipes and tools which control the flow in the pipes. This is very important because people finally started to see methane as a problem, and they can do something about it.	Although carbon dioxide from burning fossil fuels is the main cause of global warming, methane has many times of carbon dioxide´s warming power. Scientists estimate that 25% of the increase in global temperature comes from methane. Almost one third of the warming expected in the next few decades can be avoided by reducing emissions of the odorless and invisible gas without actually having to invent new technology or cut consumption . Oil and gas fields are the most obvious places to start, with frackers in the biggest oil fields in the US letting massive amounts of natural gas spill into the atmosphere. Scientists and activists are trying to find leaks in the oil and gas supply chain. They go around the oil fields with powerful cameras that can see the methane leaking out of pipes and devices, and people finally realize the problem with methane leaks.
In Texas, police try to arrest a woman. She wants to drive away from the police. The police chase her. Someone films when she crashes into a car. The woman has her baby in the car with her. After the crash, she takes it out. She runs across roads. She tries to steal another car. The police catch her. They arrest her. They send her baby away.	In Texas, police tried to arrest a woman, and she led them on a high-speed chase . Someone filmed the moment when she crashed into another car. After the crash, the woman hurried to get her baby and ran across several roads. She tried to car jack another car, and police caught up to her to arrest her. They sent her baby to a government organisation to take care of it.	In Texas, police attempted to arrest a woman due to warrants for her arrest, and she led them on a high-speed chase. Aerial footage caught the moment when she crashed into another car. After the crash, the woman rushed to get her baby who was in a car seat, and she ran across multiple roads. Police arrested the woman after she tried to car jack another vehicle, and they took her baby to Child Protective Services .
A company makes robots. The company is Japanese. It makes a really strong robot. It is the strongest robot in the world. It can lift 1.7 tonnes. Two small cars weigh 1.7 tonnes. Twenty-four people weigh 1.7 tonnes. The robot is great. It almost cannot be broken. It can change a lot.	A Japanese company created the strongest robot in the world. The company hopes that it will redefine factory automation capabilities. The robot has a long name – M-20001A/1700L – but that is not important. What is, is that it can lift up to 1.7 tonnes. That is the equivalent of two small cars or 24 people. The robot also has the highest level of protection. It is almost indestructible .	The robot code-named M-2000IA/1700L broke the world record of heaviest weight a robot can lift. It can lift and position a load of up to 1.7 tonnes, which is the equivalent of two small cars or 24 people. Japanese robotics and automation provider FANUC created the monster machine, as the company saw a need to increase the efficiency of the handling process of heavy materials for a variety of manufacturing industries. The robot brings us into a new age and the company hopes that it will redefine factory automation capabilities. The robot’s six axes and its wrist make it an agile weightlifter, moving and placing objects within a large working area to an extremely high degree of precision . The robot also has an ingress protection rating of 7, which basically means that it has the second highest level of protection against the intrusion of solid objects, so it is pretty indestructible.
Mangkhut is a very powerful typhoon . It causes landslides in two villages in the Philippines. Thirty-three people die. Twenty-nine people are missing . The typhoon moves to China. It brings strong winds. City streets are under water. Around 500,000 people must evacuate . Then the typhoon moves west. It becomes weaker.	Mangkhut is a very powerful typhoon to hit Southeast Asia, as it caused landslides in two villages in the Philippines. Thirty-three people died and another 29 are still missing. People are looking for survivors , but they fear that up to 100 people died. The typhoon moved west to China. It brought strong winds to China’s Guangdong province. City streets were covered under water, and 500,000 people had to evacuate. A scaffolding was blown off a building in Hong Kong by the strong winds. The typhoon is moving inland and will become weaker.	Mangkhut is one of the most powerful typhoons to hit Southeast Asia in decades. It caused landslides in two villages in the northern Philippine mountain province of Benguet. Thirty-three people were confirmed dead and at least 29 people are still missing, according to local reports. Search and rescue missions continue among fears that the death toll could rise above 100. The typhoon continued west, bringing winds of up to 160 kilometres per hour to China’s most populous Guangdong province. Streets were completely flooded, people advised to stay inside, and nearly half a million people evacuated from cities. A scaffolding was blown off a building in Hong Kong by the strong winds. The typhoon is expected to weaken into a tropical depression (with winds below 62 kilometres per hour) as it moves inland.
This news is about a woman. She lives in China. She is old. She does not work anymore. She helps dogs. In China, people eat dogs. This is normal to them. They say that this is a tradition . The woman does not like this. She saves dogs. She has many dogs at her home. Her dogs eat 200 kilograms of food every day. Because of this, she has no money. She owes 800,000 yuan.	A Chinese pensioner , who was a teacher, is now China’s well-known animal rights activist. Over the past twenty years, she has saved thousands of dogs from the slaughterhouses and the streets. At her home, she takes care of many dogs who eat 200 kilograms of food every day. To feed the dogs, she sold her house and is in debt of 800,000 yuan. She has many supporters, but people from her town do not like her. They say that eating dogs is normal; it is a Chinese tradition. The old woman and her helpers buy many dogs to save them from being eaten. Some people take advantage of this – they want to sell dogs to her or her helpers to make money.	Pensioner Yang Xiaoyun has gone from school teacher to one of China’s most well-known and controversial animal rights activists. Over the past two decades, Yang saved thousands of dogs from the slaughterhouse and the streets and continues to raise some of them in her home. The former teacher is just one of many members of China’s growing middle class that now are beginning to fight what they see as a barbaric abuse of man’s best friend . The woman’s neighbours, however, gave her a frosty reception, as they fiercely support what they see as a cultural tradition no different to consuming turkeys at Thanksgiving in America. The woman wakes up early in the morning to take care of hundreds of stray cats and dogs. With buying 200 kilogrammes of food needed every day to feed the animals, she sold her home, re-mortgaged her son’s home, and is in an 800,000-yuan worth of debt (119,906 dollars). Some within animal rights circles worry that by buying up dogs en masse , Yang is simply encouraging more people, be it lazy dog owners or dog snatchers, to sell their animals to activists. One day when she visited a dog market, many there said they had come with the explicit hope of selling their dogs to Yang and her helpers.
This happens in France. A drone flies over a nuclear  power station . The drone does not do anything, but this is illegal . Drones must not get close to power stations. This happens seven times. France investigates this. The country has 19 nuclear power stations. Most of its electricity comes from them. The drones worry some people.	Drones flew over seven nuclear power stations in France between October 5th and 20th. The drones did not affect the safety or function of the nuclear stations, but France investigates the incidents. It is a nuclear- reliant country. It has 58 reactors in 19 different power stations. The drone sightings concern people about the safety of nuclear power stations in France.	France has launched an investigation after mysterious drones were spotted flying over some of the country’s nuclear power stations. EDF, the state-owned utility company which operates the nuclear plants, said the unidentified drones flew over seven power stations between October 5th and 20th. The energy firm said the drones did not have an impact on the nuclear stations’ safety or function, but the Interior Ministry has now launched an investigation into the matter. The drone sightings may renew concerns about the safety of nuclear plants in France, which is the world’s most nuclear-reliant country with 58 reactors and 19 sites operated by EDF. Drones are prohibited to fly less than 1,000 metres above nuclear plants and within a five kilometre radius in France.
People light the Olympic torch in Greece. It travels around Greece for six days. It goes to Brazil on May 3rd. There, it travels around 329 cities. It comes to Rio de Janeiro on August 5th. On August 5th, the 2016 Summer Olympics began. Brazil must be ready for the Olympics. But there are some problems. The country’s economy is not good. There is not enough money for the Olympic Games. Also, the Brazilian President has problems. Some people want her to step down .	On Thursday, the Olympic torch began its journey from the site of the ancient games to Rio de Janeiro. It will travel six days around Greece before going to Brazil on May 3rd. There, it will travel around 329 cities before ending at the opening of the Olympics in Rio on August 5th. This is the 80th time people carry the torch from Greece. The first one took place ahead of the 1936 Olympic Games held in Berlin. Brazil is going through difficult times. The Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff is fighting for her political survival , and the country could not bring back its economy. Also, there are a lot of problems with preparations for the Olympic Games and there is not enough money. However, the International Olympic Committee president is optimistic. He says that the torch is a symbol of peace and harmony, and the power of people to come together.	A message of hope in troubled times. Today the Olympic torch began its journey from the site of the ancient games to Rio de Janeiro. As the sun burnt down over Olympia, an actress playing a high priestess used the sun’s rays and a parabolic mirror to light the torch. She also offered a mock prayer to Apollo, the old Greek God of light and music. “… champion in artistic gymnastics.” While holding an olive branch, she then lit the relay torch held by a Brazilian artistic gymnast. It’ll now begin a six-day journey around Greece before heading to Brazil on May 3rd. There it will travel around 329 cities before ending at the opening of the Olympics in Rio on 5th August. “These Olympic Games will be a message of hope in troubled times. And the flame will carry this message into all corners of Brazil and indeed all the world.” It comes as Brazil faces difficult times as their President Dilma Rousseff faces impeachment . The crisis has paralysed the country’s ability to revive its economy from recession. Added to that, preparations for the Games have been plagued with problems and a shortage of cash. Despite that, Thomas Bach, the International Olympic Committee President, had some positive words for the country: “The flame is an ancient symbol of peace and harmony, a symbol of the power of humanity to come together despite our differences.” This is the 80th anniversary of the torch  relay . The first one took place ahead of the 1936 Olympic Games held in Berlin.
Four hundred sea turtles die. They die in the Pacific. People find them 13 kilometres off El Salvador. El Salvador is in Central America. There are some alive turtles. People help them. People want to know why this happens. Blast fishing can kill animals. Contaminated water is dangerous too.	People found four hundred dead sea turtles in the Pacific recently. There were also seriously ill turtles which people took to local veterinarians. They found the turtles around 13 kilometres off El Salvador in Central America. A local mayor said that it was possible that blast fishing or high contamination killed the turtles. There was a similar incident in 2013.	People found as many as 400 dead sea turtles floating in the Pacific around 13 kilometres off the coast of El Salvador in Central America. There were also some seriously ill turtles which people took to local veterinarians. David Barahona, the mayor of the municipality where people found the turtles, speculated that they may have been victims of blast  fishing or high levels of contamination in the area. In 2013, people blamed a similar incident on a deadly neurotoxin produced by an algal bloom .
Planes take off at a 10 to 15 degree angle . This is the standard. A plane takes off at almost 90 degrees. This is very special. The plane is a Boeing 787–9. It is also called the Dreamliner. It is Boeing’s biggest plane. The manoeuvre happens in the state of Washington, USA.	Most airliners normally take off at around 10 to 15 degree angles, but the Boeing 787–9 took off at almost 90 degrees. The amazing manoeuvre took place in Washington State, and it was part of a rehearsal for an air show. The 787–9, better known as the Dreamliner, is the biggest plane Boeing makes. Boeing says that the manoeuvre shows some of the plane’s capabilities .	This amazing and rather dizzying footage captures the moment a Boeing 787–9 takes off at what appears to be an almost vertical ninety degrees. The impressive manoeuvre which took place over Moses Lake in Washington State was part of a rehearsal for this month’s Paris Air Show. The 787–9, better known as the Dreamliner, is the biggest plane Boeing makes. Most airliners normally take off at around 10 to 15 degree angle, making the footage of this stunt even more astonishing . Boeing says it spotlights technical manoeuvres that showcase some of the airplane’s many capabilities. The –9 is the second incarnation of the Dreamliner and features a stretched fuselage , allowing the plane to carry more passengers and cargo even further. Boeing officials declined to divulge the actual banking and ascent angles but they’re clearly steeper and sharper than any manoeuvres the state-of-the-art aircraft makes in its everyday chores, ferrying commercial flyers around the world. The Dreamliner series first debuted in 2011 with the latest version, the one shown in the video, coming off the assembly line in 2013. The next Dreamliner, the 787–10, is expected to begin commercial service in 2018.
Vladimir Putin is the Russian president. He is going to be president again for the fourth time. Here are five surprising facts about him. First, he has a personality cult . People love to put his face on many things. Second, he has two famous friends from Hollywood. They are Steven Seagal and Mickey Rourke. Third, he loves the great outdoors . He also does not wear much clothing in his pictures outdoors. Maybe he does not get cold easily? Fourth, Putin says something very surprising. He says that extremists can come to Moscow. He says Russians can help them remove their body parts! Fifth, he loves to play sports.	Vladimir Putin is going to be the Russian president again for a fourth term. Here are five unexpected facts about him. First, he has a personality cult , and you can find his face on many things in everyday life. Second, he has two famous friends from Hollywood – Steven Seagal and Mickey Rourke. Third, Putin loves the great outdoors and doing things outside—despite cold weather, he does not wear a lot of clothing in his pictures! Fourth, people remember his surprising words when he said that extremists could come to Moscow to have their penises completely removed. Lastly, he likes to participate in sports like hockey and karate.	Here are five shocking facts about Vladimir Putin as he enters his fourth term as Russian president: first, he has a personality cult , and you can find his face everywhere in everyday life in fashion, art, and even food packaging. Second, he has two famous friends from Hollywood who are Steven Seagal and Mickey Rourke. Third, Putin loves the great outdoors and visits the mountains of Siberia often. Despite the unforgiving climate in Siberia, he does not wear a lot of clothing in his pictures! Fourth, he had an outburst over domestic terrorism when he said that extremists could come to Moscow to have their penises completely removed instead of just circumcised . Lastly, he enjoys participating in sports such as hockey and karate.
There is Guinness World Record Day. People set records on this day. A dog sets a new record, too. His name is Otto. He is a bulldog. He can ride on a skateboard. He jumps on a skateboard and he rides. He goes through a tunnel. Thirty people make this tunnel. They stand in line with their legs apart . Otto rides below their legs. He shows people what he can do. Everybody is happy. He is happy, too.	Last Wednesday, It was the Guinness World Record Day. People made record attempts around the world to celebrate the day. A bulldog named Otto set a world record for the longest human tunnel traveled through by a dog on a skateboard. Thirty people stood in a line with their legs apart, so the dog could set the record by riding below them. He showed off his skills and enjoyed the company of the people.	We all know that skateboarding dogs are probably the best type of videos on the Internet, but this one pooch goes one step further. It is Guinness World Record Day and to celebrate, Otto the bulldog set a world record for the longest human tunnel traveled through by a dog on a skateboard. Yeah, random … The thrill-seeking pup in Peru took to his skateboard and sped through the legs of 30 people to successfully break the record. The four-year-old animal also shows his skills by cleverly shifting his weight on the board to navigate his way through the curvy obstacle course so that he doesn’t bump into anyone’s legs. Several record attempts will be made around world to mark the 11th annual Guinness World Records day, but none are quite as cute as this little dude . For his record-breaking achievement, crowds gathered to give Otto attention, and he seemed to be rather pleased with himself.
Do you know “Top Gear”? Did you enjoy the show? Well, the trio is back! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May now work with Amazon. They are making the show. You can see it next year. You can watch it on the Internet. You cannot watch it on TV.	Did you enjoy the motoring program “Top Gear”? Well, guess who’s back! The trio, Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May, signed a deal for a new show with Amazon. The show will go into production shortly, and it will arrive exclusively on Amazon Prime in 2016. Amazon Prime is an Internet service which costs £79 a year in the UK or $99 in the USA.	Guess who’s back! Former Top Gear trio Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May have signed a deal for a new motoring program with Amazon. The presenters who left the BBC program after Clarkson was dropped over a fracas with the producer will return to our screens next year via the online video platform. Announcing the news on his Twitter page, James May said,” Good news! I’ve got a job with Amazon Video UK! Bad news, so have the other two.” But the big question is will their fans follow them to Amazon Prime? At £79 a year or $99 in the US, the service is slightly more expensive than rival Netflix, which has recently enjoyed success with programs like “House of Cards”.  But for that price you do get more than just television. Amazon Prime also includes a music streaming service, next day delivery on Amazon shopping and cloud  storage space. One Twitter user said the new show will be the only reason people will use Amazon Instant Video. Another highly enthusiastic fan said this may be the greatest day ever! But some say while they’re happy to see the show return, they won’t be handing over the cash to watch it. Either way, Amazon says the first show will go into production shortly and arrive exclusively on Amazon Prime in 2016.
There is a report . It is about airplane crashes in 2018. There are 15 airliner accidents worldwide . 556 people die in them. In 2017, only 44 people die. 2017 is the safest year of flying ever. However, experts say that 2018 is not a terrible year. Experts say that flying gets safer and safer.	A report shows that the number of people killed in airplane crashes went up significantly in 2018. A total of 556 people died in 15 airliner accidents worldwide last year. That is a big jump compared to 2017, which only saw 10 accidents and 44 deaths. However, 2018 was still one of the safest years– 2017 was the safest year ever. Experts say that aviation safety continues getting better overall.	According to a report released by the Aviation Safety Network, the number of people killed in airplane crashes shot up significantly in 2018. A total of 556 people died in 15 airliner accidents worldwide last year which is a big jump, which only saw 10 accidents and 44 deaths in 2017. However, 2018 was still one of the safest years on record – 2017 was the safest year ever. Experts say that aviation safety continues getting better overall. The document states that “loss of control” accidents have been a major safety concern over the last five years and caused at least 10 of the 25 worst accidents.
This news is from Paris. A father goes shopping. He leaves his son home alone. The son is only four years old. Their home is a flat on a fourth floor. The boy gets in danger. He gets on the balcony. He hangs from it. He can fall down and die. Luckily, a brave man takes action. He climbs up the building. He is like Spider-man! He gets to the boy and saves him. People call the man a hero. The hero is an illegal immigrant . President Macron meets him. He tells him that he is brave and good. The President also tells him that he can stay in France. The man is no longer an illegal immigrant. He can work as a firefighter, too.	A four-year-old boy dangled from a balcony on a fourth floor in Paris. Luckily, Mamoudou Gassama saved him. He quickly climbed the block of flats and took the child to safety. People are calling Mamoudou a hero and French real-life Spider-man. Mr Gassama was an illegal immigrant in France when he saved the boy. President Macron later recognised his heroism and offered him French citizenship and a job in the fire brigade. The little boy was alone in the flat because his father was out shopping. He stayed out longer because he was playing Pokemon Go. He is now in trouble for child neglect .	People have hailed Mamoudou Gassama as a hero and French real-life Spider-man after he risked his own life to climb a block of flats to rescue a boy in Paris. The four-year-old child was dangling on a balcony on a fourth floor and would have certainly fallen down and died if he had not been saved. Mamoudou was the only person who took action to save the boy. At the time of the selfless act, Mr Gassama was an illegal immigrant from Mali, a country in West Africa. President Macron later recognised his heroism and honoured him for his courage and devotion , offering him French citizenship and a job in the fire brigade. Later people reported that the boy’s father left the child in the flat to go shopping and stayed out longer because he was playing Pokemon Go. He now faces charges of child neglect .
This news is from Australia. A member of the Australian parliament is also a mother. She has a daughter. The daughter is with her in parliament. The politician makes a motion . She breastfeeds her daughter at the same time. This happens for the first time.	An Australian member of parliament breastfed her daughter while she was made a motion in the parliament. It is probably the first time that somebody has breastfed a child while in parliament.	Australian member of parliament Larissa Waters reportedly made history by breastfeeding her three-month old daughter while making a motion in the Senate chamber. People think that this is the first case of a baby being breastfed in federal parliament.
A hotel in China falls down. There are 71 people inside the hotel. They are in quarantine . They must stay inside. It is possible that they have coronavirus. At least 26 people die in the accident. Many people must go to hospital. Officials do not know why the hotel falls down. Firefighters search the rubble . They want to find all people. They hear somebody knock. They find a man in the rubble. The man is alive. They rescue him 69 hours after the accident. The man is 24 years old. Now he is in hospital. His health condition is good.	Last week, a hotel in Quanzhou, China, collapsed. Officials used this hotel as a quarantine facility . It was a five-story building, and people stayed there who were in contact with people with coronavirus. When the hotel collapsed, there were 71 people inside. At least 26 of them died and many people ended up in hospital. Firefighters rescued a man who was under the rubble for 69 hours. They were searching the rubble when they heard knocking. Firefighters dug a tunnel and located the man. The 24-year-old man is in hospital now and he is in stable condition .	Rescue attempts in China have continued for several days after a five-story hotel collapsed. The hotel in Quanzhou was used as a coronavirus quarantine facility , and, according to officials, there were 71 people in the hotel at the time of the collapse. At least 26 of them died and many were seriously injured. A man was rescued after being trapped under the rubble for 69 hours. Firefighters who were combing the scene heard knocking from the ruins, and they were able to locate the man by digging a tunnel. The 24-year-old man was taken to hospital, and he is now in stable condition .
There is a fire in a shopping centre. It is in South Korea. Four people die. The fire starts in a place where children can play. There are no children inside at the time. The centre is next to some flats. A hundred people from the flats evacuate .	Four people died after a fire broke out in a shopping centre in South Korea. The fire started in a children´s play area inside the centre. There were no children inside at the time. The centre is next to some flats. More than a hundred people from the flats immediately evacuated.	Four people died after a fire broke out in a shopping mall in South Korea. The fire started in a children´s play area inside the mall. No children were inside the play area at the time. The mall is connected to a residential  complex . More than a hundred residents living in the residential complex immediately evacuated.
There are skyscrapers in Dubai. One skyscraper is on fire. A cigarette butt starts the fire. The fire starts on the 50th floor. Hundreds of people must leave the building. Luckily, nobody dies, and nobody is  injured . The building is 330 metres tall.	One of the tallest buildings in the world was on fire. It started on the 50th floor of the 330-metre-tall skyscraper in Dubai. Nobody is sure what caused the fire. Some say that a cigarette butt started it. Nobody reported injuries , but hundreds of people had to evacuate the building.	Amateur video captures a fire in one of the world’s tallest residential buildings. Flames swept through the 330-metre-tall skyscraper, the Torch , in Dubai’s Marina District after starting on the 50th floor. Although there were no reports of any injuries, hundreds of people were evacuated from the building with eyewitnesses saying that flames were shooting out from two of its sides as glass and metal rained down . It hasn’t been confirmed what caused the fire, but early reports suggest it was started by a cigarette butt .
‘James Bond’ movies are popular. There are 24 of these movies. People are planning the 25 th movie. Its name is ‘Shatterhands’. Daniel Craig is going to play James Bond. Rami Malek is going to be the villain . Malek recently won an Oscar for Best Actor .	Actor Rami Malek is going to be the villain in the newest ‘James Bond’ movie. He is in final negotiations for the role. The news came after he won Best Actor at the 2019 Oscars. He will join a list of famous Bond bad guys. The 25 th Bond movie in the popular series is called ‘Shatterhands’. The filming will start in April. Daniel Craig will play Bond for the last time.	Actor Rami Malek is going to play the villain in the newest ‘James Bond’ movie, and he is in final negotiations for the role. The news came after his win at the 2019 Oscars. He will join a list of famous Bond baddies such as Scaramanga and Silva. The 25 th Bond movie in the franchise is called ‘Shatterhands’. Cary Joi Fukunaga is the director and the filming will begin in April 2019. Daniel Craig will play Bond for the last time, and other familiar and famous actors will join him.
This news is about a sport. It is a new sport. It is becoming more and more popular. It is footgolf. You play it with a normal football. You must kick it towards a big hole . The first footgolf tournament was organised in Spain. A man from Amsterdam won. He hopes that the sport will become professional .	Footgolf first appeared in 2009, and it is becoming increasingly popular. It is a game with a standard-sized football which people kick towards an oversized hole. The first ever Europa Cup footgolf tournament was held in Spain. A man from Amsterdam won. He hopes that the sport is going to be a professional one. This happened with darts . Its professional players are now traveling the world and making money.	A cross between football and golf proves a hit in Spain. This is footgolf. The game is played with a standard-sized football and kicked towards an oversized hole and a flag-pin. On Sunday, Bjorn Bulk from Amsterdam won the first ever Europa Cup footgolf tournament. He took the lead, having kicked an eagle at the fourth hole on the final day of the event in Andalusia. Bulk, who recently won the footgolf unofficial World Championships and a string of other major footgolf events, is hoping to turn professional. “I hope it is the same as darts sport. Darts, 15 years ago, was for fun and now they are travelling all over the world, playing for money. I hope footgolf is going the same way.” Footgolf burst onto courses in 2009 and its since boomed as a secondary attraction in clubs around the globe. It’s even been given the PGA seal of approval. Italy won the team event beating Ireland, Hungary, Holland, Spain and Portugal. With more than 70 golf courses on the Costa del Sol in Spain, footgolfers are now being welcomed with open arms to simply help cover the weekly costs of a club house. And it may not be too long before we see a Masters event, but should they give a green jacket, Claret Jug or a golden boot to the winner?
Workers destroy the cooling towers of a nuclear plant. A nuclear plant makes electricity from atomic energy . The plant is near Karlsruhe, Germany. The demolition happens on Thursday morning. Many people like to watch demolitions. However, people do not know the date of the demolition. Officials do not say the date. They worry that many people will come. It is not safe. The coronavirus is in Germany. Workers must take away 500,000 tons of material. The plan is to finish the work by 2029.Germany wants to close all nuclear plants by 2022. The German government says that atomic energy is not good. The country wants to get electricity from wind and from the sun.	Workers exploded the cooling towers of a past nuclear plant near Karlsruhe, Germany. A number of explosions took place on Thursday. Such events usually attract a lot of people; however, officials did not announce the date of the destruction. They were afraid that a lot of people would come, which could be dangerous during the coronavirus pandemic. Officials closed the plant´s two reactors in 2011 and 2019. The German government wants to close all nuclear plants by 2022, and the country plans to get all energy from natural resources, such as wind energy and energy from the sun. Workers will clear the site by 2029, and they will take away 500,000 tons of concrete and metal.	The cooling towers at the site of a former nuclear plant in southwestern Germany have been demolished. A series of explosions took place at the Philippsburg power plant near Karlsruhe, and the timing of the demolition was kept in secret. Officials feared of potential crowds gathering at the site during the coronavirus pandemic. The plant´s two reactors were shut down in 2011 and 2019, as a part of Germany´s efforts to transition from nuclear energy. The country´s last reactor is set to go offline at the end of 2022. The site´s clearance is expected to take until 2029, and it will involve the removal of 500,000 tons of concrete and metal. A transformer station will be built on the site of the towers. It will help bring electricity generated from renewable resources in northern Germany to the country´s south.
Last February in Britain, it was very cold. It was around -8.9° Celsius. That was very cold for Britain. There were problems. This February is different. Last Monday was the warmest February day ever. It was 21.2° Celsius!	Last February, it was very cold in Britain when the temperature dropped to -8.9° Celsius in the southern parts of the country. The cold brought disruptions and it even froze famous fountains in London. However, last week was quite the opposite of that, as last Monday was the warmest February day on record. The temperature was as high as 21.2° Celsius.	A year ago at the same time of this year, Britain was facing the ‘Beast from the East’ – a period of cold weather when temperatures dropped to -8.9° Celsius in parts of the south. The cold brought widespread disruption and even froze the fountains in Trafalgar Square. However, last week saw Londoners having picnics in the parks with a day as high as 21.2° Celsius last Monday. The day was the UK’s warmest February day on record, beating the previous record of 19.7° Celsius from 1998. It remains to be seen what kind of weather this summer will bring.
UPS is a delivery company . It works on a project in Rwanda. This project can help people. It delivers blood . Drones deliver the blood. Delivery by drone is 20 times faster than by motorcycle. Many mothers bleed after having their babies. They need blood. Children in Rwanda are ill. They need blood, too. This project can help them. UPS does this to help people. UPS does this to learn more about drones. It can study drone delivery.	UPS is working with a start-up called Zipline International. This start-up will deliver blood and vaccines to transfusion centres in Rwanda starting this summer, and the start-up will do it by drone. Around half of all blood transfusions in Rwanda go to mothers who bleed after giving birth. Thirty per cent goes to children who suffer  from  anaemia . Getting blood to where it is needed quickly is very important, and drones can make deliveries 20 times faster than a motorcycle. The project will help UPS and Zipline test drone delivery technology, which people can use to deliver packages to you in the future.	They already deliver packages, big and small, all over the world but soon UPS will deliver blood, and they’ll do it by drone. The company has announced it’s backing a start-up called Zipline International that will deliver blood and vaccines to transfusion centres in Rwanda from this summer. Around half of all blood transfusions in that country go to mothers haemorrhaging after giving birth, 30% to children suffering from malaria- induced  anaemia . So getting blood to where it’s needed quickly is very important, and drones can make those deliveries 20 times faster than a motorcycle. “Lock it in place and it’s ready for delivery.” But the project is not entirely  altruistic . The deliveries will help UPS and Zipline to test drone delivery technology, which could be used to deliver packages to your doorstep in the future. “I actually think that one of the best ways that we can work together with the FAA to help this technology take off in the U.S. is by operating in a country where we can basically serve a very clear need and get tens of thousands of hours of safe flight data because I think if we can provide that to the FAA that will actually accelerate the process and we can actually implement this kind of technology here in this country.” In the short term, UPS will focus on humanitarian projects in places like Rwanda, but this project does give some idea of what the future may hold.
There is an explosion in Germany. It happens at an oil refinery . It is in the State of Bavaria. The explosion injures eight or more people. Another 1,800 people have to evacuate . We do not know why this explosion happens.	In Germany, there was a huge explosion at an oil refinery . The oil refinery is in the State of Bavaria, not far from the city of Ingolstadt. The explosion injured at least eight people, and another 1,800 temporarily had to evacuate. No one yet knows what caused the explosion.	In the German State of Bavaria, not far from Ingolstadt, there was a huge explosion at an oil refinery. The explosion injured at least eight people while another 1,800 living close by temporarily evacuated due to potentially toxic smoke. The cause of the explosion is yet to be determined . The Bavarian Interior Minister spoke of luck at the site , as more people could have been injured in the incident, adding that the material damage was immense .
A boy sets a new world record. He is 16 years old. He is from Bosnia. He is a tae kwon do  champion . He breaks 111 building blocks with his head. He does this in 35 seconds.	A 16-year-old tae kwon do  champion set a new Guinness World Record. He crushed 111 building blocks with his head in 35 seconds. He is from Bosnia.	A 16-year-old Bosnian tae kwon do champion set a new Guinness World Record for crushing building blocks with his head. He crushed 111 building blocks in just 35 seconds which makes him a world record holder in this unusual discipline.
An accident happens in South Korea. A fishing boat carries 22 people. It crashes into a tanker . The tanker is very big and heavy. It weighs 338 tons. Nobody from the tanker is injured. However, the fishing boat turns over. People are stuck in the ship. Some of them fall into the water. Thirteen people from the fishing boat die. Two people are missing .	A fishing boat with 22 people on board crashed into a 338-ton tanker in South Korea. The crash happened when the boat was passing under a bridge. The 10-ton fishing boat then overturned . Twenty-two people were stuck in the ship or fell into the water. No one from the tanker was injured, but 13 people from the fishing boat died. Two people, including the captain, are missing.	A chartered fishing boat in South Korea was carrying 20 passengers and two crew during a fishing tour when it crashed into a 338-ton fuel tanker. The collision reportedly took place when passing under a bridge. The 10-ton fishing boat then capsized , causing the 22 people to be stuck in the ship or fall into the water. While there were no reported injuries on board the tanker, 13 people from the fishing boat were found dead and two, including the captain, were missing.
A boat is at sea. It travels from China to San Francisco. It is going fast. It takes part in a competition . A man is on the boat. He is working. An accident happens. Wind moves the man. He falls into the water. The water is very cold. The man is not safe. His friends look for him. They must find him. They find him in one and a half hour. The man is in shock. He is very cold.	An accident happened during the World Clipper Race, where competitors currently race to San Francisco from China. A competitor was changing a sail when he fell over the side of his boat. The high winds swept him away from the ship. He fell into the ice-cold water. People on the ship looked for him. It took them about one and a half hour long. The man was in shock and his body temperature was very low.	“Mayday! Mayday! Mayday! We have a man overboard.” These chilling cries for help were called out in the early hours of Monday morning, as a British man was rescued from the Pacific Ocean, after falling overboard during the World Clipper Race. Andrew Taylor, from London, was changing a sail with a fellow crew member when he went over the side and was dunked into the ice-cold water. After being swept away from the yacht by high winds, he spent about one and a half hours in the Pacific before he was plucked from the ocean by his team-mates. Speaking back on board the boat Andrew, who is being treated for shock and hypothermia, said he feared the crew would not be able to find him. “I didn’t know if you were looking for me or not. I didn’t know if you’d see me.” “Didn’t you hear Shane shout?” “No, I heard nothing. And then I saw somebody at the mast . Initially , I thought it was a good thing because I knew you were looking for me, and then I realised that it might be a bad thing because it meant you didn’t know where I was.” The terrifying incident happened during race 10 in the 16th stage of the Round the World Race, currently racing to San Francisco from Qingdao in China.
This news is about a man. He is from Russia. He is very ill. He is getting worse and worse. He may die soon. He needs help. He needs a surgery . This surgery is very special. In the surgery, doctors put the man’s head on another person’s body. A surgery like this is very expensive. It can cost $10 million pounds. It can happen in China or the USA. This surgery is very dangerous. The man may die.	A Russian computer scientist suffers from a rare disease which causes severe muscle weakness . His condition is getting worse and worse and he must get help. Otherwise, he will die. The man plans to have a surgery – a full head transplant. During the operation, doctors will place his head on somebody else’s body. The operation would cost around $10 million pounds, and it would take place in either China or the US. The man knows that this is very dangerous – he knows that he may not survive the operation. However, he wants to take the risk. Even if he dies, he can still push forward medical science.	The Russian man set to become the first person to undergo a full head transplant says he’s ready to  risk it all for science. Valery Spiridonov is terminally ill and says he wants to help make the first ever human head transplant surgery happen. The computer scientist lives in the city of Vladimir near Moscow and suffers from a rare form of spinal muscular disease that causes severe muscle weakness. Life expectancy for his type is low with few sufferers reaching adolescence or young adulthood. At thirty years old, he says his condition is rapidly deteriorating . “I’m being honest about my chances. I understand that this kind of surgery may be a very good chance for me to continue my life further. And if worst comes to the worst – in case it doesn’t happen – I will know that we’ve created a large amount of data after the surgery that will help future doctors to make such things successful.” The surgery is the idea of Italian neurosurgeon doctor Dr. Sergio Canavero who says he is already preparing for the controversial operation. It’s hoped the groundbreaking surgery will happen within two years. The procedure would see the volunteer ‘s head being attached to the body of a donor through spinal cord fusion. It’s an operation which will require a team of more than a hundred medical workers and could take 36 hours to complete. Estimated to cost around $10 million pounds, it would take place in either China or the US.
This news is from a nightclub in Italy. Somebody sprays something like pepper spray . People start to panic . They start running. There is a stampede . Six people die in the stampede. Five of them are teenagers. Fifty more people are injured. This happened early on Saturday morning.	Somebody sprayed a substance similar to pepper spray at a nightclub in Italy which made people panic , and there was a stampede . Six people died in the stampede and 50 more were injured. Five of the killed were teenagers. The incident happened early on Saturday morning.	There was a stampede in an Italian nightclub after someone sprayed a noxious substance similar to pepper spray. Six people died (including five teenagers and a 39-year-old mother accompanying her daughter) and 50 more were injured in the incident which happened early on Saturday morning near Italy’s central Adriatic coast.
Obama goes to Vietnam. He is there for three days. He is on a state visit. He meets with the Vietnamese president. Obama lifts an arms embargo on Vietnam. He also signs a business deal. This is an order for 200 planes. The planes are for a Vietnamese airline. Obama is the third American president to visit Vietnam.	Obama received a stylish welcome in Vietnam when he went on his three-day visit. Many people saw the visit as a strategic move from America towards Asia. In 1995, the USA and Vietnam restored their connections and Obama is the third American president to visit the country since then. Obama said that for the first time in 50 years, the USA is lifting the arms embargo on Vietnam. Obama also signed an 11.3 billion dollar order for 200 planes by a Vietnamese low-cost airline.	Obama received a stylish welcome when he touched down in Vietnam for a three-day visit. Standing side by side with his Vietnamese counterpart , the state ceremony marked the arrival of the President of the United States, whose visit is seen by many as a strategic rebalance towards Asia. Third US President to visit Vietnam since ties were restored in 1995, and he wasted no time in getting down to business. Shaking President Tran Dan Quang’s hand, the purpose on a united front, before sitting down with John Kerry and the Vietnamese delegation to discuss affairs. Obama announced that for the first time in 50 years, the United States would be lifting the arms embargo on Vietnam in a move that signifies fortified ties between the two countries. In another sign of improved commercial relations, Obama signed an 11.3-billion-dollar order for 200 planes by low-cost airline VietJet. Only the first day of his three-day trip and yet arguably so much has been accomplished, both politically and commercially.
In 2001, many people die in the 9/11 attacks. That is 18 years ago. However, people are still dying from the attacks. Firefighters help people after the attacks. They work in the dust from the buildings that fall. This is very dangerous. The dust leads to heart disease . The New York City Fire Department says that 200 firefighters die because they helped after the 9/11 attacks.	A new study found that firefighters who spent any amount of time working in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks are at a higher risk of developing heart disease. Firefighters who arrived at the World Trade Center the morning of the attack had a 44% higher risk of developing heart disease than those who arrived later. The firefighters who worked at the World Trade Center for six months or more were more likely to develop heart disease than those who spent less time at the area. According to The New York City Fire Department, 200 of its firefighters died of illnesses related to the rescue and recovery efforts from 9/11.	On Friday the 6th, the Journal of the American Medical Association published a new study. The study found that firefighters who spent any amount of time working in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks and around the dust from the World Trade Center are at an elevated risk of developing heart disease. Firefighters who arrived at the World Trade Center at the morning of the attack had a 44% higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease than those who arrived later. The firefighters who worked at the World Trade Center for six months or more were more likely to develop heart disease than those who spent less time at the site. According to The New York City Fire Department, 200 of its firefighters died of illnesses related to the rescue and recovery efforts from 9/11. The study also points out that James Zadroga of the 9/11 Health and Compensation Act of 2010 does not pay for medical care for these conditions. The authors of the study say that their findings show there is a continued need for long-term monitoring of the health of survivors of disasters.
A man is working behind an ATM . He gets stuck . His phone is in his car. He cannot call for help. This happens in Texas. The man has a pen and some paper. He writes notes and pushes them through the machine. People read the notes. Most people think that this is a joke, but one person calls the police. The police come. They hear the man. One officer kicks down a door. He saves the man.	A man in Texas was working behind an ATM when he got stuck inside it. His phone was in his car so he could not call for help. He slipped notes to customers asking them for help. Most people thought that this was a joke, but one person called the police. The police came and could hear ‘a little voice coming from the machine’. One officer kicked down a door and saved the man.	A man who was working behind an ATM in Texas got stuck inside it. He had left his phone in his truck so he could not call for help. He slipped notes to customers asking them for help. Most people dismissed the notes as a prank , but one called the police who then could hear ‘a little voice coming from the machine’. One officer kicked down a door to release the man.
This news is about space. The European Space Agency launches a satellite. Its name is Gaia . It carries a very good camera. It takes pictures of our galaxy, the Milky Way. The pictures turned into a 3D map. This takes time. There are 1 billion stars in the galaxy. We must wait for the pictures until the end of 2017. Right now, we have pictures of 2 million stars. The ESA makes a video from this. The video starts in our solar system. It goes through the Milky Way. It ends 150 light years away.	The European Space Agency launched its Gaia satellite three years ago. It has a one-billion-pixel camera which takes pictures of our galaxy, the Milky Way. The camera is making the most detailed 3D map of the galaxy. The information will help answer questions about our galaxy and its future. We will not get to see the full map with 1 billion stars until the end of 2017, but we have details about two million stars. From this, the ESA made a video. The video goes from our solar system through the Milky Way until 150 light years away.	The European Space Agency’s Gaia satellite is in the process of assembling the most detailed 3D map ever made of the Milky Way Galaxy, including tracking the exact positions and movements of a billion stars. The satellite is now three years into its mission and the ESA released details of two million stars. From this, the organisation managed to create a virtual journey from our solar system through the Milky Way until we reach 150 light years away. The information gathered will help answer questions about our galaxy’s structure and how it is evolving. To do this, the spaceship is orbiting around what is called the L2 Lagrangian points while utilising a billion-pixel camera. We will not get to see the full map with 1 billion stars until the end of 2017. Then we will really know what is beyond the dark side of the moon.
Sochi holds the Winter Olympics. Sochi is in Russia. This is last year. This year, Sochi holds something else. It is a festival for tattoos . It is international. People go to this festival. They get tattoos. They can also go in a contest . The experts try to find the best tattoos. Some people just like to watch the festival. They like the people. They like Sochi. It is a nice place. It also has a lot of sun.	Sochi was the site of the Winter Olympics in Russia last year, but this year it is the site of something very different. An international tattoo festival is happening there, where people can get  ink and show off their tattoos in a contest. Experts scrutinize their tattoos to find the best ones. Most people, however, are enjoying being at the festival with everyone and being in the sun and in the nice scenery .	This is the Russian resort of Sochi, looking very different from the Winter Olympics’ site it was last year. But these revelers aren’t just here to soak up the sun . They’re all attending Sochi’s first international tattoo festival. There was plenty of space for artists to show off their skills and for attendees to get inked themselves, but poolside the serious business was taking place. There was some judging to be done in various categories of body art, with entrants having their ink scrutinized by a panel of experts whilst others were simply happy to enjoy the scenery. “It’s my first time at a festival like this. Everything is very cool, great, fun, lots of emotions, and impressions. I’m also a model here.”
New Zealand’s government will make tobacco  illegal for young people. The government says that young people will not smoke cigarettes at all. The new law will start next year. It will be even stronger in the future. Supermarkets and small businesses will not sell cigarettes after 2027. Children under 14 years old will not be able to buy cigarettes. This is the second strongest cigarette law in the world. Some experts are happy. Cigarettes are dangerous. It is good that young people will not smoke.  They can choose less dangerous products. Other experts do not like the new law. They say people will want cigarettes in the future. It is possible that people will buy and sell cigarettes illegally.	New Zealand’s government introduced its plan to ban tobacco, and it wants to completely eliminate smoking in the future. The plan says that it will not be possible to buy cigarettes in supermarkets or small businesses after the year 2027. The government hopes that young people will not smoke cigarettes at all. The Maori population also has problems. They smoke much more than the rest of the people in the country, and they have more health problems related to smoking cigarettes. 13% of adults in New Zealand smoke; about 30% of the Maori people smoke. They have more problems because of this.	New Zealand’s plans to ban young people from ever buying cigarettes in their life is one of the world’s toughest crackdowns on the tobacco industry. Starting in 2027, anyone up to 14 years old won´t be allowed to legally buy cigarettes in the country. The government also introduced new controls over tobacco, including significantly limiting where cigarettes can be sold and removing them from supermarkets and corner stores. At the moment, 13% of New Zealand’s adults smoke, with the rate much higher among the indigenous Maori population, where it is almost a third of adults. Doctors and other health experts in the country welcomed the world-leading changes that will limit access to tobacco and lower nicotine levels in cigarettes. Some experts believe that the law will help people to quit smoking or to switch to less harmful products, and make it much less likely that young people get addicted to nicotine. However, others have warned that the changes may create illegal trading for tobacco, and the government will need more resources to enforce border control .
A Russian satellite takes pictures. Russian TV shows the pictures. The pictures show flight MH17. That is the plane that crashed in Ukraine. The pictures also show a jet fighter . The jet fighter shot at the plane. Russia says that this jet fighter destroyed the plane. Ukraine says this is not true.	A Russian state TV channel broadcast satellite images of flight MH17. It shows the civil airplane and a jet fighter. The Russians say that this is proof that the jet fighter destroyed the plane. Ukraine said that the pictures are fake. Ukraine said that Russia is trying to influence people in its country as well as abroad.	A spokesman for the Ukrainian National Defence and Security Council has labeled these images that Russian state TV claim as proof flight MH17 was downed by a Ukrainian jet fighter as fake. “An edited picture where the moment a Malaysian Airline’s Boeing was destroyed by an air-to-air missile from a fighter jet was allegedly captured were shown on one of the TV channels. This fighter was debunked within 13 minutes. It turned out to be a very crude  falsification . It’s the second attempt this week a Russian propaganda to influence the international audience. The first attempt was connected to the so-called participation of terrorists and Samantha Lewthwaite, also known as the White Widow, in fighting alongside the Ukrainians. We think that this is happening because fakes by Russians have no influence on the Ukrainian audience anymore. That is why they have started actively trying to influence an audience of foreigners. Also, more and more western media has debunked Russian propaganda.”
This news is about a cat. It is from Russia. It sleeps in a box. The box is in a hallway of an apartment block . It is very cold there. The cat comes to the box. This time, however, the box is not empty . There is a baby inside it. A woman hears something and she comes to the box. She finds the cat and the baby. People say that the cat is a hero. They say that it saved the baby. They give it food. The baby boy goes to hospital.	A cat in Russia came to its box where it usually sleeps. This time, however, the box in a hallway of an apartment block was not empty. There was a baby inside it. A local resident heard something so she went to the box and found the cat and the baby. Someone abandoned the baby in the box in the freezing cold hallway. The baby boy was immediately moved to hospital in an ambulance which was followed by the cat. People say that the cat saved the baby, so it became a local celebrity.	A stray cat in Russia has been praised after saving the life of a baby boy who was abandoned in the hallway of an apartment block in the freezing cold. Masha, the cat, attracted residents to the baby. He was found lying in a cardboard box at the foot of the stairs where the cat usually sleeps. Local resident Nadesda said she thought that her own cat was being attacked by a male so rushed down to save her. She said when she went down, she saw a baby crying in her cat’s box. The boy, who was just a few months old, was rushed straight to hospital in an ambulance closely followed by Masha. Paramedics have described the cat as a very smart creature , as she was running after them and the baby whilst meowing, as he was rescued. Authorities are now trying to find the baby’s parents and as for Masha – she has become a local celebrity – with offers of food and attention from the entire neighbourhood.
A train is carrying liquid gas. It is in Bulgaria. The train derails . The accident happens in a village. Five people die. Thirty people are in hospital. Two tanks hit a power line. The gas explodes. Twenty-five buildings are destroyed.	A freight  train in Bulgaria derailed in a village last Saturday morning. At least five people died and another 30 are in hospital. The train was carrying liquid gas. It exploded when two tanks hit an electrical line. The impact and fire destroyed twenty-five buildings.	In Bulgaria, a freight train derailed last Saturday morning, killing at least five people with another 30 being treated in hospital. The impact and resulting blaze destroyed as many as 25 buildings. The train was transporting liquid petroleum gas and exploded when two tanks struck an electrical line.
Three white tigers are born . They are born at a safari park in Crimea. They are one week old. They are beginning to open their eyes. This park now has 12 white tigers. There are only 200 white tigers in the wild . People are happy that there are three more now.	In Crimea, three adorable white tigers were born at a safari park. Now they are one week old, and they are beginning to open their eyes. The park’s first white tigers arrived in 2009, and now the park is home to 12, including the little furry siblings. There are only 200 white tigers in the wild , so people are happy that there are three more.	At a safari park in Crimea, three adorable white tigers were recently born. They are now one week old. They are beginning to open their eyes. In 2009, the park’s first white tigers arrived, and now it is home to 12, including the little, extremely cute, furry siblings. There are only 200 white tigers surviving in the wild, so the new arrivals are extremely welcome.
Northern Ireland wants to protect its children. Too many children die because people drive too fast there. People show a shocking  advertisement on TV. It is a minute-long video. It starts in a classroom. The classroom is full of children. They go on a school trip. At the same time, a man gets in his car. Then the children are in a park. They are playing. The man loses control of his car. He hits a wall. The car goes through the wall. The children are behind it. The car kills the children.	Northern Ireland wants to protect its children. Twenty-eight children died from dangers of speeding since 2000 there. People show a shocking advertisement on TV. It is a minute-long video. It starts in a classroom full of children. They get ready for a school trip. Meanwhile , a man gets in his car. The children are playing in a park when the man loses control of his car. He crashes through a wall and crushes the children. The video ends with an empty classroom.	This shocking advert has been banned from appearing on television until after the 9 o’clock  watershed . The minute-long video starts with a classroom of children playing and preparing to leave for a school trip, whilst a man grabs his breakfast at home and heads out in his car. As the children play in a park, we see the man lose control of his car and crash through a wall. But, on the other side of the wall are the children. The car flips through the air, landing on them and crushing them instantly. The Northern Ireland road safety ad was made to highlight the dangers of speeding after figures showed 28 children have died from it since 2000. Road safety minister Mark Durkan insisted the advert was sensitive . The video then concludes with an empty classroom and the devastating statistic. “You can never control the consequences , if you speed.”
Naomi Osaka comes from Japan. She is one of the best tennis players in the world. She is the tennis number two now. Osaka wins the first match at the French Open in Paris. She does not hold a press conference after the match. Winners must always hold a press conference. Officials fine Osaka $15,000. She must not do it again. If she does, officials can make her leave other tennis events, too. Osaka shocks the tennis world on Monday. She ends at the French Open. She says that she has depression . She has it for three years. She needs a break.	Naomi Osaka is the tennis world number two, and on Monday, she shocked the tennis world when she withdrew from the French Open in Paris. Osaka wrote on Twitter that she needed to take a break from the sport because she had depression . Officials fined her $15,000 when she did not hold a press conference after she won the first match at the French Open. Officials also said that if she did it again, they could make her leave the French Open and other big tennis events. Osaka decided to solve the situation herself. She said that she had suffered from depression since 2018 and that the best thing she could do was withdraw from the French Open.	Japan´s Naomi Osaka stunned the tennis world by withdrawing from the French Open in Paris after deciding to boycott post-match media duties. The first-time Grand Slam champion wrote on Twitter that she would be taking some time away from tennis courts, explaining that she´d been suffering from depression for almost three years. Her decision came a day after she was fined $15,000 for not holding a press conference after winning her first-round match. Officials also threatened to expel her from the French Open and future world important tennis events if she continued to refuse to attend news conferences on matches. However, on Monday, the world number two decided to take matters into her own hands. Osaka has suffered from depression since the US Open in 2018 that she won by beating Serena Williams in a controversial match.
Korean Air is an airline. A passenger attacks other passengers during a flight. An American singer is on that flight. He sees the situation and helps. He talks about the situation. He says that the staff do not know what to do. He says he has to help the staff. Korean Air is now training its staff. The people are learning how to defend themselves and their passengers. The Korean Air president talks about the situation. He says that the new training will make the flights safer.	During a recent flight on Korean Air, a passenger attacked others. An American singer was on that flight. He said that he had to help deal with the passenger, as he felt that the staff was unprepared and did not know what to do. Korean Air is now training all of its staff on when to use stun guns, ropes, and shackles . Before the staff was only allowed to use stun guns if a crew member or a passenger’s life was in danger. The Korean Air president said that the training for these situations should make the flights safer.	During a recent Korean Air flight, a passenger attacked others. American singer Richard Marx was on that flight and reported that he had to step in to deal with the passenger because he felt that the staff was “unprepared and clueless ”. Korean Air received criticism for the on-board incident and now its staff will have more ability to use stun guns. Before the staff was only allowed to use stun guns if a crew member or a passenger’s life was in jeopardy . The Korean Air president said that the company will improve the procedures for taser guns and ropes or shackles . These measures should reduce the number of attacks and secure the safety of the flights.
Kim Jong Un is the leader of North Korea. His grandfather was Kim Il Sung. The grandfather died twenty years ago. North Koreans celebrate the anniversary of his death. Kim Jong Un is at the event. He walks on stage with a limp . We don’t know why. North Koreans highly control the media . Kim Il Sung had a growth on his neck. People filmed him, but no one could see the growth. They filmed him only from some angles .	Kim Il Sung was Kim Jong Un’s grandfather and the founder of North Korea. North Koreans celebrated the anniversary of his death. He died 20 years ago. Kim Jong Un, of course, took part in the event. He walked on stage with a limp . The government highly controls the media in this isolated country, and it carefully hides anything unusual. Kim Il Sung had a growth on the back of his neck, so he could only be filmed from certain angles.	North Korean leader Kim Jong Un appears to have limped on stage at an event to mark the anniversary of his grandfather’s death. Footage broadcast by the country’s state-run television showed Kim walking into the centre of a large stage with a limp, in front of a huge portrait of his grandfather emblazoned onto a red flag. Speeches by government officials were heard during the memorial service for founding president Kim Il Sung, who died 20 years ago today. State-produced media and propaganda is highly controlled and choreographed by the isolated country and any defects with its leadership are usually kept a tightly guarded secret. Kim Il Sung, who founded the country and ruled until his death, had a large tennis-ball sized growth on the back of his neck which meant state propagandists were forbidden from filming him from certain angles. It’s not clear why Kim Jong Un had developed the limp, but state media has shown the young leader, in his early 30s, conducting military spot guidance visits on the east and west coasts of North Korea in recent weeks.
Do you like Swiss cheese? Do you know why there are holes in it? It is not because of hungry mice. It is because of hay . A little bit of hay gets into milk. When the milk turns into cheese, the hay makes the holes. In the past, the holes in cheese were bigger. More hay got into the milk, then. Today, milk is much cleaner.	After old stories about hungry mice, many random guesses , and a hundred years of research , we now know why Swiss cheese has holes in it. And mice are not responsible. There are holes in cheese because of hay . Very small particles of hay get into the milk and create holes when the milk turns into cheese. Over the last 15 years, the holes have been getting smaller, or are gone completely. This is thanks to modern milking systems –milk is much cleaner than before. The amount of hay dust added to the milk can control the number of holes.	A Swiss agricultural  institute made a revelation of why Swiss cheese has holes in it: hay. Traditionally, people gather milk via buckets open to the air, and this means that microscopically small particles of hay can get into the milk, which creates holes as the liquid matures into cheese. Through a series of tests, scientists tried adding different amounts of hay dust to milk in the cheese-making process. They found that they could regulate the number of holes. This research also solves another mystery of why the famous holes in cheeses like Emmentaller are getting smaller or disappearing during the last fifteen years. This is due to milk becoming cleaner through the use of industrial milking systems.
This event happens in a synagogue . The synagogue is in Brooklyn, New York. A Jewish student is in there. He is 22 years old. A man stabs him. Police come to the scene. They want to stop the criminal. He is 49 years old and he is African American. He has a knife. He says that he will attack more people. Police tell him to put the knife down. He does not put it down. A policeman shoots him. The man dies. The student goes to hospital. He will be OK.	A man stabbed a Jewish student in the ankle in a Brooklyn synagogue. Police arrived at the scene and confronted the 49-year-old African American. He was in the synagogue. He waved the knife around and threatened others. The police told him to put the knife down, but he would not do so. A policeman shot him dead. People moved the 22 year-old student to hospital and he should be fine.	This amateur video footage shows the moments leading up to when a New York police officer fatally shot a man armed with a knife. The dramatic scenes came after the man stabbed a Jewish student in a Brooklyn synagogue on Tuesday. Police quickly stepped in, as Calvin Peters aged 49, who has a history of mental illness, stabbed and wounded 22-year-old Levi Rosenblatt. Police can be seen confronting the suspect who can be seen waving the knife around, threatening other worshippers . The officers can then be heard shouting at him, ordering him to drop the knife. Police said the officer shot once, hitting Peters in the torso . He was taken to a hospital where he was pronounced dead. Rosenblatt was stabbed in the left temple and is in a stable condition at the hospital.
Countries sign a new agreement . This agreement is about plastic pollution . The agreement limits plastic. There are 195 countries in the world. Almost every country signs the agreement. One hundred and eighty-seven countries sign it. The USA is one of the countries which does not sign.	The Basel Convention took effect in 1989, and it forbids developed countries to send their toxic waste to less developed countries. On Friday 10 th , 187 countries signed another agreement . The countries which signed agreed to limit plastic pollution . There are 195 countries in the world, and the USA was one of the countries which did not sign the agreement.	In 1989, developed nations adopted a plan called the Basel Convention to regulate sending their toxic waste to less developed countries. On Friday 10 th , they added a new agreement to the treaty. The agreement aims to limit pollution from plastic. There are 195 countries in the world and a total of 187 signed the new agreement and agreed to restrict plastic pollution. One of the bigger countries which did not sign was the USA. Although the US chose not to participate, the rules still apply when the country tries to move plastic waste to any of the 187 participating countries once the rules go into effect in a year. It has been common for companies to ship waste to less developed nations. For instance , China used to take in half of the world’s trash, but it stopped accepting a majority of it last year in an effort to curb pollution.
A race is held in Japan. This race is special. The runners run on all fours – they run on their legs and their arms. An 18-year-old man wins. He beats a 30-year-old man. The older man was the best. He is now the second. The winner’s time is 15.86 seconds. His hero is Usain Bolt. His favourite animal is the monkey. The older man is the inventor of the sport.	A special race was held in a Japanese city. The runners got down on all fours – they used their legs as well as their arms to race 100 metres on the track . An 18-year-old man beat the 30-year-old who held the record. Also, the 30-year-old actually invented the race on all fours. The winner’s time was 15.86 seconds. His hero is Usain Bolt and his favourite animal is the monkey, of course.	It may not be an Olympic sport yet, but that hasn’t stopped these guys getting down on all fours , yep, using legs and arms to race 100 metres on the track. Eighteen-year-old Katsumi Tamakoshi beat thirty-year-old Kenichi Ito, who’s been record holder since 2008. And if that’s not a big enough blow to the former World Record holder, Ito actually invented the race on all fours. Awkward ! Tamakoshi completed the 100 metre race in 15.86 seconds beating the record set by Ito in 2013 of 16.87 seconds, and the 18-year-old says his hero is Usain Bolt and his favourite animal? Well, the monkey of course.
Young football players are at a training camp. A fire starts at night. This happens when they are sleeping. Ten people die. Three are injured. This happens in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. People want to know why the fire starts . Maybe there is a short circuit .	Teenage football players were sleeping in the facilities of a football club when a fire broke out . This happened in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The fire grew, killed ten people and injured three. People are investigating why the fire started, and it is possible that there was a short circuit .	Football players in their early teens were sleeping in the facilities of a football club in Rio de Janeiro when a fire broke out. Ten people died and three were injured after the fire spread through the training grounds . People are investigating the incident – it is possible that a short circuit caused the fire.
This news is from Thailand. A man is in Bangkok. He has a backpack. He leaves it near a shrine . A security camera films him. There is an explosion. Maybe, a bomb is in the backpack. The explosion kills 22 people. It wounds over 100 people. Police are looking for the man. People mourn the dead. They bring them flowers and candles.	A bomb exploded near a popular Bangkok shrine last Monday evening. The explosion killed 22 people and wounded 123 more. A camera inside a car filmed the moment of the explosion. Students, relatives and others lit candles and brought flowers at the memorial for those who died. Nearly half of those killed were foreigners. Thai police are now looking for a man. A security camera near the shrine filmed him. Before the explosion, he left a backpack there.	Dashcam  footage has emerged showing the moment a bomb exploded near a popular Bangkok shrine on Monday evening. This video was recorded from inside a car. Thai police have said the death toll is 22 with 123 people wounded and that the blast was caused by a pipe bomb . Students, relatives and others lit candles and brought flowers at the memorial for those who were killed. Nearly half of those who lost their lives in the blast were foreigners. Thai authorities say they’re now looking for a suspect seen on CCTV footage near the famous shrine where the blast took place. No one has yet claimed responsibility, but it’s this man in the yellow shirt who is now the focus of police interest. He walks out, leaving a backpack by the fence as tourists mill around . The Thai government says the attack in the capital’s commercial hub was aimed at destroying the economy. But with most attacks like this, so much more has been destroyed.
Kashmir is a part of India. It has different rules than India. Many Muslims live there. In August 2019, India cancels Kashmir´s special rules. Many people protest against India. The Indian government wants to solve the situation. India stops Internet in Kashmir. Some people use private  networks . Now, the Internet is working again. It works until March 17. People can use all Internet services and social media sites. It is a step to a better situation in Kashmir. In the past, India has a plan to support Kashmir’s economy. India takes Kashmir and makes it a part of its country. However, the plan does not work very well. It costs a lot of money.	In August 2019, India´s government cancelled Kashmir´s special rights. Kashmir was the only state with the Muslim majority in India. In Kashmir, there were many protests against India. India wanted to calm the situation down and it stopped the Internet in Kashmir. Some people used private networks to avoid the Internet blackout . On Wednesday, Indian authorities made the Internet work again. They say that the Internet will work until March 17. It is a step to a better situation in Kashmir. India annexed Kashmir to help the economy. However, Kashmir´s officials say that India´s rules already cost more than $2.4 billion dollars.	On Wednesday, Indian authorities temporarily restored full Internet access in Kashmir. Seven months ago, India cancelled Kashmir´s status as a semiautonomous state and locked down the region. People will have Internet services until March 17. Indian authorities did not explain the time limit; however, they described this move as a step towards a normal state in Kashmir. In August 2019, India´s government withdrew Kashmir´s special rights as the only Muslim-majority state, and it started to heavily restrict the movement of Kashmir´s residents. India also shut down the Internet to put an end to anti-India protests in Kashmir. India annexed Kashmir to support development in the region. However, Kashmir´s officials said that the lockdown already cost the local economy more than $2.4 billion dollars.
This happens in China. A man wants to kill himself. He is in a basement . He has a tank with gas. He lets the gas out. Firefighters come to him. They find the tank. It is already on fire. One firefighter takes the tank. He removes it out of the building. Luckily, the man injures nobody. Police arrest him.	A man from China tried to kill himself. He released gas from a tank in a basement. When firefighters arrived, he threatened to light it. The firefighters broke into the basement. They found the tank already on fire. They immediately carried it out of the building onto an empty lawn. It was a very dangerous situation. Luckily, the man hurt nobody. The arsonist remains under arrest by police.	This is the moment a firefighter disposed  of a flaming gas tank ignited by a man who was trying to kill himself in a basement. In the Chinese city of Dalian, firefighters found the man releasing gas from the tank and threatening to light it when they arrived. The firefighters broke into the basement and found the gas tank already on fire. They immediately rushed to the tank, carried it out of the building and discarded it on an empty lawn. “The rampaging arsonist claimed he would hurt himself with an axe and hammer in his hands. He was going to rush out of the room. It was a dangerous situation.” Luckily, no casualties occurred and the arsonist remains under arrest by police.
A group of people makes bionic arms. The arms are 3D printed . The people give the arms to children. One boy doesn’t have two complete arms. One of his arms is OK. The other one is short. It ends with his elbow. The group gives the boy a bionic arm. It looks like Iron Man’s arm. Who gives the boy the arm? Iron Man, of course! Robert Downy Jr is an actor. He plays Iron Man. He is the boy’s idol .	A group of people started to make free 3D printed bionic arms for kids. The group gave a bionic arm to a seven-year-old boy who was born with a partially developed arm. But it was not just about what the group gave the boy, but who gave it to him – Robert Downey Jr, the man who plays Iron Man. The boy was a bit star-struck when he met his idol, but soon they started talking. The boy’s bionic arm looks a lot like Iron Man’s arm. Cool, isn’t it?	He plays a bionic character in a film franchise , but it seems Robert Downey Jr is a superhero in real life, too. Posing as his Iron Man character, the star made this disabled fan’s dreams come true. “Pleasure to meet you. Have another bionics expert on hand , so I thought I’d drop by.” “Thank you.” “Yes, it’s pleasure. Nice bowtie by the way.” “Thanks.” “How were your travels?” “It was very good!” “Well, I thought I’d bring one of my gauntlets to match it up with yours and see if everything’s copacetic . You want to have a look?” “Sure!” Seven-year-old Alex Pring was born with a partially developed arm, seemed a little star-struck when he met his idol, but they soon hit it off. “Do you know who that is?” “Iron Man.” “What’s his name?” “Robert.” “Great!” The star then presented his friend with a new gift – a bionic arm of his very own. The 3D replica was even better than the real thing. “Um, as you can see my light isn’t working. Half the time, you know, I design one of these, it winds up breaking on me. But what I do is I keep working on it. Kind of like you’re working on it with Albert.” “He keeps working and working until he gets it right.” “Yeah. I think yours is still a little bit more right than mine because at least, you know…” “The light’s working.” “The light works, yeah.” The arm was made by a volunteer group started by Alberto Manero to make free bionic arms for kids. Downey Jr later took to his Facebook page, calling Alex the most dapper seven-year-old he’s ever met. “Bang, nailed it!”
Here is some news from Sweden. A baby seal is lost. It gets in a town’s harbour . People find it and film it. The seal wails . It goes back to sea after some time. Seal mothers leave their babies. The babies are only two to three weeks old. The babies lie on ice. Their bodies must use their fat inside them. They must grow the right fur . When they have the right fur, they can jump into the cold water. Then they can catch fish.	Here is some news from Sweden. A baby seal lost its way and ended up in a town’s harbour. People who found it wailing around the quayside filmed it. It went back out to sea after some time. Seal mothers leave their baby seals when they are just two to three weeks old. They are left on ice. They must live off their fat and produce the right fur . When they have the right fur, they can hunt. They are programmed to do this, so they do not miss their mothers.	This baby seal was found wailing and roaming around a quayside in Sweden after it lost its way and ended up in the town’s harbour. The little thing was greeted by curious residents who filmed it, as it rolled around on the harbour’s steps. A local wild animal expert said that a mother seal abandons her pups when they are just two to three weeks old. They are left on sheets of ice to live off their fat until their bodies have produced the right fur to allow them to start hunting on their own. When the pups have the right fur, they jump into the sea and begin to hunt for fish, which they are programmed to do so they don’t miss their mothers. Looks like this little one had enough and bravely headed back out to sea.
A plane takes off from a Moscow, Russia, airport. It is flying to Orsk. Orsk is a city near Russia’s border with Kazakhstan. Shortly after the take-off, the plane crashes. It crashes just 40 kilometres from the airport. It is on fire as it falls down. There are 71 people on the plane. All of them die. People are investigating the crash.	A plane took off from a Moscow, Russia, airport, and it was flying to Orsk, which is a city near Russia’s border with Kazakhstan. Shortly after the take-off, the plane disappeared from radars and then crashed just 40 kilometres from the airport. Seventy-one people were on board and no one survived. Witnesses said that the plane was inflames as it fell from the sky. People are investigating the incident.	A plane flying from one of Moscow’s airports disappeared from radars shortly after departing . It was bound for Orsk, a city near Russia’s border with Kazakhstan. The plane carrying 71 people crashed 40 kilometres from the airport, leaving no survivors. Witnesses said that the aircraft was in flames as it fell from the sky. The country’s Investigative Committee said that all possible crash causes are being looked into.
Americans cannot simply travel to Cuba. There are only four situations when they can. They can visit their family in Cuba. They can do government business. They can do humanitarian work . There is also a programme called ‘people-to-people’. Americans can visit with this programme. They must meet Cubans to travel with the programme. The American government stops this programme. It is harder for Americans to travel to Cuba. The American government says that it does this because it does not like Cuba’s foreign policy .	Americans are not allowed to travel to Cuba as tourists. They can only visit Cuba to see family, do government business or do humanitarian work. The Trump Administration is making it even more difficult for Americans to travel to the Caribbean country. In the past, they could travel there under a programme called ‘people-to-people’. Under this programme, you had to meet the locals . Now the ‘people-to-people’ travelling will no longer be allowed. The American government says that it is doing this because it does not like Cuba’s foreign policy .	Americans have not been allowed to travel to Cuba as tourists for many years. They can only visit Cuba to see family, conduct government business or do humanitarian work. Now, the Trump Administration is making it even more difficult for Americans to travel to the Caribbean country. A type of educational travel called ‘people-to-people’ will no longer be allowed. It let Americans travel to Cuba in organised tour groups. Their itinerary only had to consist of a ‘full-time schedule’ of activities which involved contact with the local population. The US government is also going to prohibit private and corporate planes and passenger boats and ships from going to Cuba. It said that the new travel restrictions are a response to the country’s ‘destabilising role in the Western Hemisphere’, including its support of Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro.
Chinese police release a video. The video is from a bus. It is full. There are around eighty people on it. It goes through a city centre. A man puts oil on the floor. He sets it on fire. He injures thirty-two passengers . Sixteen of them have serious injuries . They are at hospital. Police still don’t know the man’s name. The man is in hospital, too.	Chinese police released a security camera video. It showed a bus with around eighty people on it. It went through a city centre when a man poured banana oil on the floor and lit it. He injured thirty-two passengers. Sixteen of them had serious injuries, and they were treated at hospital. Two people suffered burns to more than ninety per cent of their bodies. Police are still checking the arsonist ’s identity . He also receives treatment in hospital.	Chinese police have released this surveillance footage showing the chaotic scene when a fire broke out on a bus packed with people. The footage shows a man in a light-coloured shirt pouring oil onto the floor of the bus and then setting it alight . After investigating, police found that the arsonist used banana oil to start the fire but are still checking his identity. The fire broke out at around 5 p.m. on Saturday when the bus filled with about eighty people was going through downtown Hangzhou. Thirty-two passengers were injured, 16 severely and are being treated in hospital. Fourteen out of the 16 severely injured people suffered burns to their faces and two suffered burns to more than ninety per cent of their bodies. Five others suffered burns of varying degrees to more than 50 per cent if their bodies. The arsonist is also receiving treatment in hospital.
An American vessel collides with a Japanese ship. The Japanese ship is 30 tonnes heavy. It damages the vessel. It almost goes down. After the accident, seven sailors from the vessel get lost. People later find them dead.	An American vessel collided with a Japanese container ship last Saturday. The container ship weighs almost 30 tonnes and did great damage to the vessel. It almost sank and will take months to repair. Seven sailors went missing after the collision . They were later found dead on board the vessel.	Seven missing sailors have been found dead on board the USS Fitzgerald which had collided with a container ship off Japan in the early hours of Saturday. The damage by the Japanese ship, which weighs nearly 30 tonnes, to the American vessel meant that it almost sank and it will take months to repair.
The NRA is an American organisation. It is for gun rights . This organisation runs TV ads . In one of its ads, there is an image of a famous sculpture . The sculpture is ‘The Bean’. It is by the British artist Anish Kapoor. He is disgusted that his art is in an ad for guns. He wants the NRA not to use his image. The NRA does not want to do this. However, in the end, it stops using the picture.	The National Rifle Association (NRA) is an American organisation which is for gun rights. In one of its adverts, it used an image of the famous sculpture ‘The Bean’. The creator of ‘The Bean’, the British sculptor Anish Kapoor, was ‘disgusted’ that his art was used in ‘a campaign of fear and hate’. He wanted the NRA to remove the image, and the NRA did not remove the image right away, but did so eventually . The artist said that the victory was ‘a declaration that we stand with those who oppose gun violence’.	The National Rifle Association (NRA) is an American organisation that advocates for gun rights. In one of its adverts, it used an image of the famous sculpture ‘The Bean’ by the British sculptor Anish Kapoor. Kapoor was ‘disgusted’ that his art was associated with ‘a campaign of fear and hate’, and he wanted his work removed from the ad named ‘The Clenched Fist of Truth’. After the NRA failed to remove the image, Kapoor launched a copyright lawsuit . In the end, the issue was settled out of court and the image was removed from the video. The artist said that the victory was ‘a declaration that we stand with those who oppose gun violence’.
Many people in the world are getting the COVID-19 vaccine. This is a medicine that can make you stronger against COVID-19. It will have an impact on some businesses. People will start to travel more again. They will fly. They will use their cars more. It means that they will need more petrol or fuel and oil. Business with petrol and oil will grow fast. Changes will also happen in agriculture . Restaurants will open again. They will need more products for their meals. Farmers will sell more products such as sugar or coffee. Many people work from home during the coronavirus pandemic. They have online meetings. Online meetings happen on a computer or phone. People will return to offices. They will use some technologies less.	Many countries in the world are starting to vaccinate people against the coronavirus. It will probably have an impact on people´s behavior and on businesses, too. The biggest impact will be for the energy business. People will start to travel more, fly and use their cars, which will increase the demand for petrol or fuel and oil. People will probably use less information technology because they will not work from homes so much, and they will have fewer online meetings. Also, restaurants will reopen and the demand for some agricultural products will grow. These products will be, for example, coffee or sugar.	Once COVID-19 vaccination is widespread, consumer and workplace behavior will likely change and it will impact markets. Which sectors will respond to the vaccine? In anticipation of the roll out , one of the biggest increases is the energy sector. As people become more mobile, flying, going on cruise lines, or doing road trips, there´s going to be a higher demand for gasoline and oil. Information technology is going to ease off , as people start to get back to work and not need some items that they have been using during the COVID-19 pandemic. Demand for agricultural products that revolve around restaurants is likely to increase. These products include, for example, sugar or coffee.
Gun violence is a big problem in the US. Gun violence is when somebody attacks another person with a gun. More than 8,100 people die in the US in the first six months of 2021. This is because somebody shoots them. It is the highest number in the last 20 years. 120 people die from gun violence last weekend. The situation is getting worse. There are many reasons why this happens. More people have guns. There are more problems with police and communities . Some people believe that people of different skin colors do not have the same chances to live a good life.	In the first half of 2021, more than 8,100 people died in the US because of gun violence . It is the highest number in the last 20 years. A report said that almost 54 Americans died every day in shootings. It was 14 more people than in the same time in the past six years. Last weekend, more than 120 people died in shootings. Experts said that there were more reasons why gun violence was growing. More people owned a gun, and there were many problems between police and communities . Also, there were big differences in the economy and healthcare, and there were racial problems in American society which have lasted a very long time.	More than 8,100 people were killed from gun violence in the first five months this year across the US, which is the deadliest record in the last two decades. Data suggest that nearly 54 Americans lost their lives every day in shootings, which was 14 deaths more than the average number in the same period in the past six years. Meanwhile, the number of shootings that have killed or injured somebody in the January – May period has passed that of the same period last year, as more than 120 Americans were killed in shootings last weekend alone. According to experts, several factors have been adding to the increase in gun violence, including very old inequality, increasing gun ownership, and a strained relationship between police and communities. Inequalities in the economy, healthcare, and social welfare are entrenched behind racial disparity in American society.
In Florida, US, an 11-year-old girl plays in grass next to a road. She waits for a school bus. A white car drives by her. Then it comes back. A man gets out of the car. He runs to the girl. He wants to take her with him. She kicks him. She puts a blue color on him. Then the man runs away. Police look for the man. Police know his car. Police find the man later that day. They also see the blue color on his arms . The girl says that she watches a TV show about criminals . Information from the TV show helps her in this situation.	In Florida, US, a man tried to kidnap an 11-year old girl. A video camera recorded her when she played in grass next to a road as she waited for the school bus. A white car drove by her, and then it came back. The man came out of the car and tried to take her to the car. She kicked him. They both fell down. She put a blue color on him during the fight. Then they both ran away from each other. Later on, the police found him by following the license plate on his car, and they saw the blue color on his arms. The girl said that she learned from a TV show that you need to leave evidence to help catch a criminal.	In Florida, US, Jared Paul Stanga attempted to kidnap an 11-year-old girl named Alyssa Bonai. Security camera footage recorded her playing in grass next to a road while she waited for the school bus. A white van drove by her, and then a minute later, it came back. Stanga jumped out of the van and threatened her with a knife as he tried to pull her to the van. She pushed him off, kicked and tripped him, and wiped the homemade blue slime that she had been playing with on him. Then they both ran away from each other. Later on, the police found the suspect by tracing the license plate on his van and saw the blue slime on his arms. Bonai said she learned from the TV show ‘Law & Order SVU’ that you need to leave evidence behind to help catch a criminal.
The Liverpool Football Club wins the Premier League title . It is the first title after 30 years. Last time Liverpool wins is in 1990. At that time, Kenny Dalglish is the coach of Liverpool. Dalglish is one of the best players in the Premier League in history. Many people like him. Recently Chelsea and Man City play a game at an empty stadium . Chelsea wins the game. It means that no team can be better than Liverpool in the league . Liverpool fans get this information. The fans come to Liverpool´s stadium. They meet in the street. They start to celebrate. They make fireworks. More than 2,000 people come. The coronavirus is in the UK. People must not meet in large groups. However, police do not stop the fans.	This week, The Liverpool Football Club won the Premier League title. It was a special moment for thousands of Liverpool´s fans, because it was the first top league title since 1990. A football legend Kenny Dalglish was the coach and player of Liverpool in 1990. 200 miles away from Liverpool´s Anfield stadium, Chelsea beat Man City 2-1. The game took place at an empty stadium, because of the coronavirus pandemic. The result meant that no other team could overtake Liverpool in the league. After the game, 2,000 of Liverpool´s fans came to Anfield, and they started to celebrate. In the UK, people still must not meet in large groups; however, police did not try to stop the cheering fans.	Thousands of Liverpool fans gathered outside Anfield stadium to celebrate the club´s first Premier League title. It´s Liverpool´s 19 th  top-flight title and the first top league title since the 1989-1990 season, that was managed by club legend Sir Kenny Dalglish. Over 200 miles away, Chelsea beat Man City 2-1 in a game behind closed doors. The results meant that it was mathematically impossible to overtake Liverpool in the league. Within half an hour of the result, about 2,000 fans gathered outside Liverpool´s empty stadium and they set off flares and fireworks in the street. Although some lockdown measures remain in place in the UK, police made no attempt at the stadium to disperse the crowd.
A baby otter is in a canal in Arizona. It is not well. It is hungry, dehydrated , and full of fleas . Luckily, people see it. They take it to a centre which helps animals. There they give it milk and fish. It gets better quickly. The otter starts a new life in a wildlife park .	Utility workers found a baby otter alone and saved it. It was struggling to survive in a canal in Arizona. The workers took it to a wildlife centre. It was dehydrated , hungry, and full of fleas . People gave it cat’s milk and fish, and it got better soon. It will now start a new life in a wildlife park.	People found a baby otter alone and struggling to survive in a canal in Arizona. Luckily, utility workers spotted and rescued it. When they took it to a wildlife centre, it was dehydrated, hungry and infested  with fleas, but it was not long before its health recovered. The people there fed it cat’s milk and mashed trout . The pup will now start a new life in one of the state’s wildlife parks.
The British are often upset by the weather. However, there is a future for waterproof clothing. The water just jumps off the cloth. A special chemical does the jumping effect. People use this chemical in house paint. For the first time, people spray the chemical on boots and a jacket. They use dirty water for testing. It really works! People want to make this chemical stronger. They can use it for buildings and windows. When it rains, there is no dust on the glass or the buildings. We do not need to clean the windows. Everybody likes that!	The British public knows well that it is upsetting to be caught out unprepared by the weather. Now, there is a future for waterproof clothes, but what is this, exactly? It is similar to your waterproof jacket. The water bounces off and rolls off really easily. Water- repellent causes the bouncing effect, and this is the same one that is used in house paint. For the first time, people sprayed the repellent onto boots and a jacket. They then used muddy water for testing. The repellent really worked, but what are the chances for the future? The challenge is to make the repellent stronger. After that, people can use it on buildings or windows. When it rains, dust or other particles will keep off the glass or the building. So self-cleaning windows and no more window cleaning! Surely, no one will say no to that idea.	In Britain, it rains a lot and there is nothing more annoying than being caught out unprepared by the weather. Luckily, scientists from Imperial College in London are developing a new type of coating material. Water bounces off the surface thanks to the water- repellent nanoparticles of titanium dioxide, the same chemical people use in house paint. Now for the first time ever, people have sprayed the coating onto boots and a jacket. Dr. Colin Crick from the university said that the major challenge is making the coatings more robust , but once people do that, they can start to use them on buildings and windows.
Two weeks ago, four police officers in Minnesota, USA, arrest a black man. Derek Chauvin kneels on the man´s neck. The man dies. Derek Chauvin is in prison in Minnesota. Officials charge him with murder. The judge offers a bail of $1 million dollars. It means that Chauvin can leave the prison if he pays $1 million dollars. However, Chauvin must follow some rules. He must not leave Minnesota. He must not keep a gun. He must never work for the police again. Chauvin must pay $1.25 million if he breaks the rules. Chauvin does a serious crime. It is possible that he can go to prison for 40 years. Officials say that the other officers are Chauvin´s accomplices . They help him kill the black man.	Two weeks ago, a police officer named Derek Chauvin and three other officers arrested a black man named George Floyd. Floyd died, and authorities charged Derek Chauvin with murder. The judge offered a bail of $1 million dollars; however, there were some rules. Chauvin must stay in Minnesota, USA, and he must not contact Floyd´s family. Chauvin must hand over all guns, and he must never work for the police again. If Chauvin does not agree with these rules, the bail will be $1.25 million dollars. Chauvin faces up to 40 years in prison. Now, he is in prison in Minnesota, and he must return to court on June 29.  Authorities charged the other officers as accomplices .	Derek Chauvin has been charged with second-degree murder in connection to George Floyd´s death. On Monday, Chauvin appeared in court by video, and the judge offered a bail of $1 million under certain conditions. Chauvin must stay in Minnesota and surrender all firearms and permits. He must not contact Floyd´s family, and he is not allowed to work for the police ever again. If Chauvin does not accept these conditions, the bail will be $1.25 million. If Chauvin is convicted , he faces up to 40 years in prison. He is being held at Minnesota´s maximum-security prison, and he is set to return to court on June 29. His colleagues who participated in arresting Floyd have been charged as accomplices .
This happens in Burbank, California. Passengers are leaving a plane. A fight breaks out between two men. Someone records it with a mobile phone. People try to stop the fight. Police arrest one of the men. The airline says that its flight crews have special training. They know how to de-escalate conflicts . The airline does not say what makes the fight happen.	At Burbank, California, passengers were leaving from a plane when a fight broke out between two men. Someone recorded it with a mobile phone as other passengers and crew members tried to stop the brawl . Afterwards, police arrested one of the men. Southwest Airlines reported that its flight crews have training on how to de-escalate conflicts . The airline did not say what started the fight.	At Burbank, California, passengers were disembarking from a Southwest plane when something unexpected happened; a fight broke out between two men. Someone recorded the event with a mobile phone as onlookers and crew members attempted to stop the fight. After the brawl , police arrested one of the men. Southwest Airlines says that its flight crews have training on how to de-escalate conflict. The airline did not say what prompted the altercation .
The situation on the Greek island of Lesbos is very serious. A camp for migrants is on Lesbos. More than 13,000 people stay in the camp. Two weeks ago, fire starts in the camp. The fire destroys the camp. People lose their homes. Some families from Afghanistan build a camp in a small forest nearby. However, many people only walk around. They do not know what to do. They have nowhere to go. Greek officials start to build a new camp. Many people are angry. They do not want to move to another camp. They want to leave Greece. They want to live in other countries in Europe. People protest. This is when they do things to show that they are not happy. Greek police must do something. Greek police fire tear gas at the migrants.	On September 9th, a refugee camp on the Greek island of Lesbos burned down. Around 13,000 people had to leave their temporary homes. Some people started to build a new camp nearby. They were mostly people from Afghanistan, and there were many children among them. Most people, however, did not want a new camp. They wanted to leave Greece and travel to mainland Europe. These people wandered around the place, and they were angry at the situation. Last week, some migrants started to protest. Greek officials started to build a new camp; however, migrants do not want to move in.	On September 9th, a fire burned down the Moria refugee camp on the Greek island of Lesbos, displacing around 13,000 people. About 100 asylum seekers , mostly Afghan families with children, have established a temporary base in an olive grove near the former camp. However, refugees travel back and forth to get water and whatever they find among burnt debris . A newly built facility of temporary tent housing has started accepting asylum seekers; however, some migrants are calling on authorities to stop the construction of these new camps. They are demanding to be allowed to leave Lesbos to travel into mainland Europe. Eyewitnesses have said that Greek police have fired tear gas to break up crowds.
In Wisconsin, USA, a zoo has three baby Amur tiger cubs . They turn three months old. The zoo lets people see them. They already have personalities . They also have a lot of energy as they play! The male cub normally cannot be with his sisters. He has an abscess on his leg. The zookeepers take care of him. They keep him away from his mother. They worry that his mother will not want him. The zookeepers sometimes let the male cub be with his sisters. This makes a zoo visitors happy.	In Wisconsin, USA, three Amur tiger cubs are three months old, and the public got to see them for the first time at a zoo. They are very young, but they already have sprightly personalities as they play together and with toys. The male cub normally cannot be with his sisters as he had an abscess on his leg. Zookeepers hand-raised him and kept him in a separate area. They were worried that his mother might not accept him. They sometimes let him be with his sisters, which makes a zoo visitors very happy.	At the Milwaukee County Zoo, in Wisconsin, USA, the public saw the debut of three adorable Amur tiger cubs, as they are now three months old. Their names are Bernadette, Eloise, and Kashtan. They are already showing sprightly personalities as they wrestled and tumbled with one another, and one even played with its “mini me” – a mini tiger toy. Kashtan, the male cub, had an abscess on his leg. Zookeepers had to hand-raise him and are now keeping him in a separate area while continuing to feed him by hand. They are concerned that his mother might not accept him. On special occasions, they allow him to socialise with his sisters, much to the delight of the zoo visitors.
The baseball league starts in South Korea. It starts later than is usual. The coronavirus makes the start of the league happen later. Officials make hard rules. Now, it seems that the situation gets better; however, sports fans cannot come to stadiums . Fans are unhappy. They want to watch their favorite teams play. Some fans come to stadiums. They watch the games through the fence. Organizers want to make fans happy during the first game. They set up a big board at the stadiums. Fans can watch the game online. Fans yell for their teams. Organizers make fake fans at the stadium. They put pictures of the fans on the seats. The fake fans wear masks. It is good for people who live near the stadium. There is no noise during the game.	South Korean baseball officials pushed back the start of the country´s professional league. There were many people sick with the coronavirus, and it was not safe to start the league. This week, the league has finally started. However, fans could not enter the stadiums, which made them stressed and unhappy. During the first game, some fans stood by the stadium, and they tried to watch the game through the barriers . Organizers covered the seats at the stadium with photos of fake fans wearing masks. The home-team decided to set up a board at the stadium to make the fans happy. Fans could remotely join the game and cheer for the teams.	After a weeks-long delay because of the coronavirus pandemic, South Korea´s professional baseball league has officially opened its new season. The country recorded its lowest number of new daily coronavirus cases in nearly three months. However, fans will be barred from games until officials from the Korea Baseball Organization deem the situation completely safe. The league began behind closed doors; however, there was a fake crowd made of pictures showing absent fans in the stands. Hundreds of spectators´ seats were covered with photos of fans wearing masks. However, the cheerleaders were real, and they set up an online messaging board for fans as an alternative way of supporting their favorite players. Some fans peered through the stadium barriers to catch a glimpse of the game. The country´s professional football league will start on Friday, also without spectators at the stadiums.
There is an earthquake . It hits Afghanistan, Pakistan, India and Tajikistan. Afghanistan is hit the most. Over 100 people die there. An incident happens at a school. When the earthquake hits, people leave the school. Everybody is running and panicking . There are too many people. The situation is complete chaos . Twelve girls die in this incident.	There was an earthquake in the Hindu Kush mountain range area. It hit Afghanistan, Pakistan, India and Tajikistan. Afghanistan suffered greatly from the earthquake. Over 100 people died, and the number of deaths is expected to grow. In one of the worst incidents, at least 12 girls died in a stampede to get out of their school.	These were the scenes in Afghanistan after a powerful earthquake struck the country, leaving over 100 people dead. Tremors from the 7.5 magnitude quake also hit Pakistan, India and Tajikistan, forcing people to run from buildings in panic, and claiming numerous casualties . In the Afghan capital Kabul, one resident described the moment of horror when the quake struck. “I was sitting at home when the earthquake happened, and I came out of the home with children, but one of my grandsons started running. I asked him not to run, he continued and then the wall collapsed on him and he was hurt.” The earthquake was centred in the Hindu Kush mountain range area, though scores  of wounded were taken to hospitals in cities across the countries. In one of the worst incidents, at least 12 girls were killed in a stampede to get out of their school in the northeastern Afghan province of Takhar. The death toll is expected to climb in the coming days as most communications systems were down across the region.
Monarch butterflies are important. They move pollen from flowers to other flowers. Pollen is the yellow dust you can see in flowers. This makes flowers and plants grow. However, there are fewer monarch butterflies now. An organisation counts butterflies in California. People do this in the winter. They find that there are 86% less butterflies in 2018. Around the world, there are less butterflies, too. Scientists think that two problems hurt them. The problems are habitat loss and pesticides . People need to fix these problems. They need to do more conservation . Then, people can help the butterflies.	Monarch butterflies are important pollinators , but their global population is falling. In California, an organisation found that there were very few monarch butterflies visiting during this 2018 winter. There was an 86% fall in the number of butterflies that they saw. Around the world, the population for all butterflies fell by 0.05 percent. Scientists think that habitat loss and pesticides probably caused this. By fixing these problems and doing more conservation work, people can help the butterflies.	Monarch butterflies have the important job of pollination , but their worldwide population is falling. In California, an organisation found that there were very few monarch butterflies visiting in the 2018 winter so far. The organisation found an 86% decline in the number of butterflies that people observed. However, the organisation counts for several weeks, so people are still sending in data. Worldwide, the population of all butterflies fell by 0.05 per cent. Researchers think that habitat loss and pesticides may have contributed , and by fixing these problems and by increasing conservation, people can help the butterflies.
Here is some news from New York. A person films a scary moment. It shows people on a subway . There is a rat on the train. The people panic . They jump on their seats . They scream . Soon, a lot of people leave the train.	A video captured a terrifying moment. It shows people on a New York subway . They panic because there is a rat on the train. The doors were closed, and the rat could not get out. The people jumped on their seats and they screamed. A lot of passengers got off at the next stop, and they continued their journey elsewhere .	“As soon as the train reached the Fulton Street, someone started screaming, ‘Rat on the train! Rat on the train!’. And nobody realised what was happening, but as soon as we did, the doors closed and we entered the tunnel.” Jinais Kader captured this terrifying moment when passengers on a New York subway realised the doors had closed, trapping a big rat on the train with them. While commuters often feel like their journey is a rat race , these passengers got an entirely different experience, jumping on their seats and screaming, as the rat scurried around the carriage. “Oh my god!” Unsurprisingly, a lot of passengers got off the next stop, continuing their journey elsewhere. But the final destination of the rat remains unknown.
Opioids are a type of drug. Doctors give them to people in pain. In the USA, there is an opioid problem. Many people use opioids too much. Between 1999 and 2017, 200,000 people die because they take too many opioids. Many people think that pharmaceutical companies make the problem happen. Purdue is one of the companies. It makes the opioid OxyContin. The Sacler family has the company. More than 2,000 people officially say that they think that Purdue contributes to the problem. Purdue is thinking about what to do. It has a plan. It thinks about giving away $10 billion to $12 billion to help this problem.	More than 200,000 people in the USA died from opioid overdose between 1999 and 2017. OxyContin is one of the opioids. Purdue Pharma produces it, and the Sacler family owns the company. People are suing Purdue over its contribution to the opioid epidemic . Newsy reported on Wednesday that Purdue possibly plans to pay out $10 billion to $12 billion to more than 2,000 lawsuits against it.	According to the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), more than 200,000 people in the USA died from overdoses related to prescription opioids between 1999 and 2017. The Sacler family owns Purdue Pharma, and it is one of the companies who people are suing over its alleged contribution to the opioid epidemic. Newsy reported on Wednesday that Purdue, which is the producer of OxyContin, was willing to pay out $10 billion to $12 billion to settle the more than 2,000 lawsuits against it. The settlement means that people would restructure Purdue into a for-profit “public benefit trust.” The trust’s value would include more than $4 billion in drugs and profits from drug sales which would go to cities, counties and states. The Sacklers would also give up ownership of the company, and they would pay out at least $3 billion to the plaintiffs .
This news is about two boys. They meet at school. They become best friends. They are best friends for 60 years. They are old now. They research their families. They find out that they have the same mother. They are brothers! The men tell people. They tell people at a party two days before Christmas Day.	This news is about two men from Hawaii. They met at school 60 years ago and became best friends for life. They recently started researching their ancestry , and they found out that they have the same birth mother! They were friends all those years but they never knew that they were family. The brothers told people the news at a party two days before Christmas Day. They say that they have plans to enjoy their retirement together.	Alan Robinson and Walter MacFarlane from Hawaii first met at school and have been best friends for over 60 years. Just recently did they separately start researching their ancestry , only to find out that they have the same birth mother! Never during those decades did they imagine that they were brothers. The two men revealed that they were family at a party two days before Christmas Day. The brothers say that they have plans to enjoy their retirement together.
This story is about a man. He is from Morocco. He is 20 years old. He wants to get to Spain. He hides on a boat. He is close to the boat’s engine . Spanish police catch him. He wears a wetsuit .	A man wanted to go from Morocco to Spain illegally . He hid in the turbine of a ferry engine. Spanish police intercepted the man on Wednesday. The 20-year-old wore wetsuit and held a bag with his things.	This footage shows the moment a Moroccan stowaway tried to sneak his way into Spain by hiding in the turbine of a ferry engine. On Wednesday, Spanish police intercepted the man who was trying to make his way into the country illegally. The video shows the 20-year-old man dressed in a wetsuit, draped over the turbine, holding a bag with his belongings. Police said the ferry had left Tangier and the man was arrested around 11 am.
This happens in London. A man is crossing a road. The traffic begins to move. A motorcyclist hits the man. The motorcyclist falls off of his bike. The pedestrian goes to hospital. He is 53 years old. A security camera films the incident . Police are looking for the motorcyclist.	A pedestrian in London was crossing a road when the traffic began to move off at the lights. A motorcyclist hit him. The crash knocked the motorcyclist off of his bike and sent the pedestrian flying . A security camera captured the incident. The motorcyclist got up, but instead of helping the pedestrian, he shouted at him and drove away. People took the 53 year-old pedestrian to hospital. Police are now looking for the motorcycle rider.	CCTV footage has been released by the Met Police, showing a motorcyclist knocking down a pedestrian , and then shouting at him before driving off. In what has been described as a truly heartless act, the video shows the motorcyclist crashing into a man crossing a road in Sutton, as traffic begins to move off at the lights. The rider is knocked off his bike and the pedestrian is sent flying down the road. We can then see the motorcyclist getting up but instead of helping the fallen man, he yells at him and exits the scene. The victim is then left lying alone in the middle of the road. The pedestrian, aged 53, was taken to a South London hospital for treatment to his injuries and he has since been discharged . Police are now appealing for information about the identity of the motorcycle rider.
Scientists study penguins in Antarctica. They find out that the number of penguins goes down. Some populations go down by more than 75% in the last 50 years. The situation is very serious. Scientists believe that the biggest problem is climate change . Water in oceans is warmer. Ice in Antarctica melts . This is not good for some animals that live there. Penguins eat krill. Krill are very small animals. They are food for big fish and penguins, too. Warmer water is a problem for krill. It kills the krill. There is not enough krill for penguins. Penguins die because they do not have enough food.	Scientists in the Antarctic studied groups of penguins. They say that penguin populations are decreasing. Scientists found out that in some groups, the number of penguins went down by more than 75% in the last 50 years. Scientists believe that the main reason why this is happening is climate change. Ocean temperatures are going up and sea ice is melting. This is a problem for krill which is the main source of food for penguins. The situation in the Antarctic is very serious. Many animals are dying because their natural habitat is changing. This is a problem on the food chain and on penguin populations, too.	Penguin populations in parts of the Antarctic are declining. Independent researchers accompanied Greenpeace on a recent expedition, and the researchers reported that some colonies have declined by more than 75% in the last 50 years. Researchers believe that the underlying cause of the decline is climate change. Penguins are losing their main food source, krill , because ocean temperatures are rising, and sea ice is melting. The decline is very serious, with a 77% drop recorded in Chinstrap penguin colony since the last survey in 1971. This data suggests that the ecosystem in the region has dramatically changed and the changes affect the food chain.
Thieves on mopeds are a problem in London. They move fast. Chasing them can be dangerous. However, police are getting tougher with them. They hit them with their cars.	One of London’s problems is its moped thieves, as they move fast and hope that police cannot chase them because it would be dangerous. However, London’s officers are employing a tougher method – they ram the thieves. Videos on the Internet show this in action.	Moped thieves have long been the scourge of London’s pedestrians and motorists – they move fast and hope that the police will not engage in a potentially dangerous chase. The Metropolitan Police in London, however, have instructed the officers to assess the dangers of each situation individually and ram the thieves. Police released dash cam footage showing the tougher tactics against the criminals.
How did the world begin? Some people believe in the Big Bang Theory. Other people believe in God. These people say that God created the world. These two theories are different, but the Pope says that you can believe in both . He thinks that God created the Big Bang, and the Big Bang created the world.	Pope Francis said that the Big Bang Theory is compatible with the teaching on creationism . It is possible to believe in both. The Pope said that the beginning of the world is not the work of chaos . It comes from something greater. According to the Pope, God was responsible for the Big Bang.	Pope Francis has said the Big Bang Theory is compatible with the Catholic Church’s teaching on creation. Speaking to members of the Pontifical Academy of Science, the Pope said it is possible to believe in both, insisting God was responsible for the Big Bang from which all life evolved . “The beginning of the world is not the work of chaos that owes its origin to something else, but it derives directly from a supreme principle that creates out of love. The Big Bang, that today is considered to be the origin of the world, does not contradict the creative intervention of God; on the contrary it requires it. Evolution in nature is not in contrast with the notion of divine creation because evolution requires the creation of the beings that evolve.” The Pope’s remarks were in line with the Catholic Church’s teaching for the last few decades.
Emanuel Macron is the French president. He visits a high school in southeast France last week. He speaks to people after the visit. He is standing behind a barrier . A bodyguard is next to him. Then, something shocking happens. A man hits Macron in his face. Macron turns his face away. It looks like the man does not hit him. He does. Macron´s bodyguard is too slow. He does not stop the man. Police arrest two men. The first man is the one who hits Macron. The second man is the one who makes a video of it.	Last week, the French president Emanuel Macron visited a high school in a small town in southeast France. After the visit, he was greeting people who were waiting for him outside. Macron was standing behind barriers when suddenly, a man slapped him. Macron turned his face away when the man hit him, so it seemed that the man missed. A bodyguard, who was standing behind the president, protected Macron with his hand. He was too slow, and he did not stop the man. Police arrested the man as well as another man who filmed a video of the incident.	The French president Emmanuel Macron was slapped in the face by a man during a visit to a small town in southeast France. Macron was greeting the public waiting for him behind barriers after he visited a high school that was training students to work in hotels and restaurants. During the incident, Macron just managed to turn his face away as the aggressor ´s right hand connected , making it appear that the president took more of a glancing blow than a direct slap. A bodyguard, who was standing right behind Macron, raised his hand in defense of the president; however, he was a fraction of a second too late to stop the slap. French news broadcasters said that police had arrested two people, the man suspected of slapping Macron and another man who filmed a video. Macron didn´t comment on the incident.
People in Greece vote. They choose who goes to the parliament. Forty per cent of votes want a conservative party . The party gets 158 seats out of 300 in the parliament. The leader of the party becomes the Greek prime minister. His name is Kyriakos Mitsotakis. He says what he wants to do before he becomes prime minister. He wants to make Greece strong again. He wants to make Greece better for business.	Kyriakos Mitsotakis became Greece’s new prime minister last Monday. In his campaign, he promised to make the country more business-friendly and reinvigorate the economy by lowering taxes. He is the leader of a conservative party, which won 40% of the vote. That translates to 158 seats out of 300 in the country’s parliament. His election signals a turn from mainstream political parties to populists and Eurosceptics.	Greece’s new prime minister, conservative party leader Kyriakos Mitsotakis, was sworn in last Monday. His election signals a turn from mainstream political parties to populists and Eurosceptics. Mitsotakis ran a campaign of reinvigorating Greece’s economy by lowering taxes and making the country more business-friendly, among other things. His party won 40% of the vote, giving him 158 seats out of 300 in the country’s parliament.
Boris Johnson is the British Prime Minister. He becomes a father of a baby boy on Wednesday. The baby is Johnson´s sixth child. Johnson´s fiancée is the baby´s mother. Her name is Carrie Symonds. The boy is born in a hospital in London. He is healthy. Symonds is healthy, too. People do not know the boy´s name yet. Many people think that it will be Wilfred, Winston, or Alexander. In April, Johnson is in hospital. He spends one week there. He has the coronavirus. The situation is serious. Doctors worry about Johnson. Johnson is healthy now. On Monday, he returns to work. He wants to start the British economy . However, the start must be slow. Johnson is worried. He thinks that there can be a second coronavirus outbreak .	The UK Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, and his fiancée , Carrie Symonds, became parents. Their baby was born on Wednesday. The couple´s spokesperson said that both Symonds and the baby are well. Johnson will probably take a short paternity leave later this year. The couple hasn´t announced the boy´s name yet. However, many people bet on Wilfred, Winston, and Alexander. In April, Johnson was in hospital because he had COVID-19. Doctors were worried about Johnson, as he spent three days in intensive care. Johnson returned to work on Monday, and he said that he wanted to start the economy soon. However, he is worried that there could be a second coronavirus outbreak , so it is necessary to plan everything carefully.	The UK Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, and his fiancée , Carrie Symonds, became parents to a baby boy who was born on Wednesday. According to the BBC, the couple´s spokesperson said that both Symonds and the baby are doing well, and Johnson is expected to take a short paternity leave later this year. No name has been announced yet; however, British bookmakers are taking bets on Wilfred, Winston, and Alexander. Johnson officially returned to work on Monday, after his hospitalization for COVID-19 earlier in April. He said that he would like to get the economy reopened as soon as possible. However, Johnson does not want to move too quickly, and risk a second coronavirus outbreak.
Archer Aviation is a US company. The company makes the first flying taxi. Its name is ´Maker´. Maker is fully electric. It can carry two passengers . It does not have a driver. Maker can fly as fast as 240 kmph. It can fly 100 kilometers at one time. It takes off like a helicopter. It does not need much space. Archer Aviation wants to help solve problems with cars. Too many cars are in cities. Traffic jams are everywhere. People cannot find a place where they can park their cars. The company wants to start selling flying taxis in 2024.	The company Archer Aviation introduced its first electric flying taxi. The vehicle is called ´Maker´ and it is the first-ever flying taxi. Adam Goldstein is the co-founder of Archer Aviation. He said that the company´s idea was to help solve problems with traffic in cities. There are too many cars, traffic jams , and people have problems with parking their cars. The flying taxi takes off vertically like a helicopter and it does not need much space. It can carry two people and there is no driver. The vehicle can fly at 240 kmph and the distance is 100 kilometers. The company wants to start selling flying taxis in 2024.	The company Archer Aviation unveiled its first electric flying taxi ´Maker´ in a Tesla-style debut . According to Archer co-founder Adam Goldstein, the team has built an affordable, safe, and low noise aircraft. People are stuck on the ground and there´s a lot of congestion ; however, Maker can take off the land vertically like a helicopter which means that it doesn´t need a lot of infrastructure . It´s a fully autonomous vehicle for two passengers, and it can fly at 240 kmph for distances of up to 100 kilometers. The company expects to launch Maker commercially in 2024. Archer´s mission is to advance the benefits of sustainable air movement, to help solve the traffic problem within cities, and to move to a fully renewable transportation solution.
G20 is an important event. World leaders meet at this event. The event takes place every year. This year, something funny happens. Three cats walk on the stage . Who owns these cats? Maybe, they are one of the leader’s pets. We do not know. They cannot be David Cameron’s, Vladimir Putin’s or Barack Obama’s – those leaders all have dogs.	The leaders of the world gathered at this year’s G20 summit , and something funny happened before the event started. Three cats walked on the stage. Maybe the cats belonged to one of the present leaders. We know that it couldn’t be David Cameron, Vladimir Putin or Barack Obama – they all have dogs. We will probably never know, but people escorted the cats off the stage before the event started.	Security is at the forefront of the agenda at this year’s G20 summit , but this particular security breach was unexpected, to say the least. Three cats, to be exact, roaming the stage before the event started. Of the world leaders attending the summit, could one of them have lost their cat? It can’t be David Cameron, Vladimir Putin or Barack Obama – they all have dogs. Maybe they’re one of President Erdogan’s precious pets? We’ll probably never know, but the public can rest easy, as the kittens were safely escorted off the stage before the world leaders gathered . What we can say is Justin Trudeau and Dilma Rousseff appear not to have a cat allergy, so perhaps they are the mystery owners!
This happens in Yemen. There is a big group of people. A man comes. He has a bomb with him. The bomb explodes. He dies. Forty-seven people die. Four children die. This attack is very bad. There was a serious attack in 2012, also. Nobody says who did this. However, this attack is similar to the attacks in Arabian Peninsula .	At least 47 people, including four children, were killed in a suicide bomb attack in Yemen. A security camera shows how the attacker snuck into a crowd of protesters and exploded. This was the deadliest bombing in the capital of Yemen since May 2012. Nobody claimed responsibility for the attack, but it was similar to al-Qaeda attacks in the Arabian Peninsula .	The horrific moment a suicide bomb attack in Yemen is captured on CCTV . At least 47 people were killed, including four children, when a suicide bomber detonated a belt packed with explosives in the centre of the capital Sanaa. The blast struck as hundreds of people were arriving for a demonstration called by the Houthis. They have rejected the president’s candidate to lead the new government, which is meant to be formed as part of a deal that brought an end to the deadly fighting between the Houthis and government forces. CCTV footage shows the attacker sneaking into the crowd of protesters and then igniting the explosive device. It was the deadliest bombing in the capital since May 2012. There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack, but the incident mirrored previous bombings carried out by al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula .
In Rome, there is an accident. The roof of one church falls down. It is an old church. It is from the 16th century. When the roof falls down, no one is there. It is closed. No one is hurt. Firefighters only take away pieces of art.	The roof of a historical church in central Rome collapsed last Thursday. People built it in the 16th century on the site of an ancient prison at the western edge of the Roman Forum. Luckily, the accident hurt no one – the church was closed when the roof fell. Firefighters only removed pieces of art.	The roof of the historical church of San Giuseppe dei Falegnami in central Rome collapsed last Thursday. People built it in the 16th century on the site of an ancient prison at the western edge of the Roman Forum. Luckily, the accident hurt no one as the church was closed to public when the roof fell. Firefighters only removed precious pieces of art while ensuring the structure was stable.
Keith Raniere is an American guru. A guru is a spiritual teacher. He helps people live better lives. Raniere is a guru between 1998 – 2020. Many Hollywood stars and famous people visit him. Raniere starts a company. The company recruits people. The company gets money from their sales. Some people find this type of business strange. Raniere´s company makes some unusual business activities. Soon, people start to say that Raniere´s abuses them. Last week, a court sends Raniere to prison for 120 years. He is guilty of sexual business with people. He also threatens people to get money from them. He has sex slaves . Raniere says that he does nothing wrong.	Between 1998 and 2020, Keith Raniere was an American guru . Many Hollywood stars and famous people attended his meetings. Raniere also started a multi-level marketing company that was located in New York State. Many of Raniere´s followers said that he abused them and that he called them his sex slaves. Last year, the court found Raniere guilty of sex trafficking and for keeping child pornography. He also threatened people to get money from them. On Tuesday, a court sent Raniere to prison for 120 years. Raniere said that he did not feel sorry because he did nothing wrong.	The founder of the American multi-level marketing company Nxivm, Keith Raniere, was once a self-improvement guru who had clients from New York to Hollywood. Between 1998 and 2020, the company held personal development seminars; however, the organization also faced multiple accusations of systemic sexual abuse. Last year, Raniere was found guilty on charges of sex trafficking, racketeering , and possession of child pornography. On Tuesday, Raniere was sentenced to 120 years in prison on criminal convictions for sexually abusing many of his female followers. He said in court that he had no remorse because he believed that he was innocent of the charges. On Tuesday, some of Raniere´s victims arrived at the courthouse for the sentencing, and they told of widespread abuses in the early 2000s.
FIFA is in crisis . The FBI investigates FIFA. The FBI arrests some FIFA officials . FIFA’s president reacts. He resigns . His name is Sepp Blatter. He is 79 years old. He was the president of FIFA from 1998 to 2015.	The FBI raided a hotel in Zurich and arrested FIFA officials . Six days later, FIFA’s president Sepp Blatter, resigned . Blatter, who is 79, said this at a news conference in Zurich. The news came just four days after he was re-elected to a fifth term as a president – he was FIFA’s president since 1998 to 2015. The FBI and the Swiss were not investigating Blatter but many wanted him to quit. An election to choose a new FIFA president will be held as soon as possible.	Sepp Blatter has resigned as FIFA president in the face of a corruption investigation that has plunged world soccer’s governing body into the worst crisis in its history. Blatter, who is 79, announced the decision at a news conference in Zurich, six days after the FBI raided a hotel in the city and arrested several FIFA officials , and just four days after he was re-elected to a fifth term as president. “Thank you so much that you are here, the interest is flowing this wonderful day today, it was a big congress and we have the same president, I am a happy man, thank you.” FIFA, which has been ruled over by Blatter since 1998, was rocked this week by the announcement of a US-led investigation into alleged widespread financial wrongdoing stretching back for years. Swiss authorities mounted their own criminal probe into the award of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups to Russia and Qatar, respectively . While Blatter was not mentioned in either the U.S. or Swiss investigations, there were widespread calls for him to quit, mostly from Western nations. Some major sponsors also expressed misgivings about the impact of the scandal. Blatter said an election to choose a new FIFA president would be held as soon as possible.
This news is from east China. It rains a lot there. The rivers overflow . Villages and towns are flooded . Many people die. The lives of millions of people change. Pictures of farmers go online. They say goodbye to their pigs. They think that their pigs are going to die. Many people see the photos. They want to help the pigs. They send help.  People save the pigs. This is a happy ending.	In east China, Days of heavy rain caused rivers to overflow and villages and towns to be flooded. People launched a rescue operation after they saw emotional photos of farmers going viral . The farmers were saying goodbye to their pigs – they thought that they were leaving them to die in their flooded pens . The rescue is a rare piece of good news there where the floods killed many people and changed the lives of millions.	Live-streamed to more than 10 million people, this footage shows dozens of pigs being saved from a flooded farm in China. A rescue operation was launched after photographs of emotional farmers saying a tearful goodbye to their animals went viral , prompting an outpouring of sympathy. According to local media reports, the men pictured here had raised many of the pigs themselves and thought they were leaving them to die in their flooded pens . The pigs were trapped in Shucheng County, Anhui Province in east China, where days of torrential rain has caused rivers to overflow and villages and towns to be flooded. The rescue is a rare piece of good news here, where the floods have caused dozens of deaths and affected millions of people. It’s not known how many pigs were at this farm when the floods struck, but it reportedly has a capacity of thousands.
A report comes out about the Ethiopian Airlines plane that crashes last year. The plane is a Boeing 737 Max plane. The crash kills everyone on board . That crash happens several months after an Indonesian airline plane crashes. It is also a Boeing 737 Max plane. That crash also kills everyone on board. Both planes are new when they crash. The Ethiopian plane has an automated safety feature . It can make the plane fly. It does not let the plane stall when it flies. The report says that the safety feature does not work. The Indonesian airline also has this safety feature.	A report said that design flaws in a Boeing 737 Max plane made an Ethiopian Airlines plane crash last year. The crash killed everyone on board, and it happened several months after a Boeing 737 Max plane with an Indonesian airline also crashed. That crash also killed everyone on board. Both planes were new. The report said that the Ethiopian plane had no technical problems. However, the report found that some of the plane’s alerts and an automated safety feature did not work. The safety feature was supposed to keep the plane flying and not stopping while in the air. The Indonesian plane also had the safety feature.	An interim report said that design flaws in a Boeing 737 Max plane caused an Ethiopian Airlines plane to crash last year. The crash killed all 157 people on board, and it occurred several months after a Boeing 737 Max plane with an Indonesian airline also crashed, which also killed all 189 people on board. Both planes were new. The report said that the Ethiopian plane had no technical issues. However, the report found that its speed and altitude alerts and an automated safety feature to stop the plane from stopping in the air did not work. An earlier report also said that the safety feature pushed the nose of the plane down based on incorrect information. The Indonesian plane also had the safety feature. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), families of the victims, and pilots are in lawsuits or have fines against Boeing.
Tumblr is a blog site. People can share content there. They can share explicit content. Tumblr becomes very popular. Yahoo buys it in 2013. It buys it for $1.1 billion. In 2017, Verizon buys Yahoo (and Tumblr with it). Verizon changes Tumblr. It bans all explicit content. Verizon also puts ads on Tumblr. People do not like these changes. They leave. Now Tumblr is a small business. Automattic buys it for $3 million. Automattic says that explicit content is going to stay banned. Automattic also owns WordPress.	Tumblr is a blog site which has had a reputation as a home to all kinds content , including explicit content. This site was extremely popular, and Yahoo bought it for $1.1 billion in 2013. In 2017, Verizon bought Yahoo (and Tumblr with it) and made changes. Verizon banned all pornographic content from the site and put ads on Tumblr. The users did not like the changes, and Tumblr lost over 99% of its value. Automattic bought it recently for as little as $3 million. Automattic said that it will not allow adult content on Tumblr. While Automattic owns both Tumblr and WordPress, which is another blog site, it said that it will not turn them into one platform.	Tumblr is a blog site which had a reputation as a home to users who are not cookie-cutter and allowed them to share explicit content without limits. The site was extremely popular and Yahoo bought it for $1.1 billion back in 2013. That all changed in 2017, when Verizon bought Yahoo (and Tumblr with it). Verizon banned all pornographic content from the site and placed ads on Tumblr, both of which users did not take well. Tumblr lost 99% of its value, and Automattic bought it recently for as little as $3 million. Tumblr’s new owner, Automattic, has said that it will not allow adult content on the site. While Automattic owns both Tumblr and WordPress, another long-standing blog site, it said that they will not turn them into one platform.
Something very bad happens in Beijing, China. A family is in a car. The family is visiting a wildlife park. The family is next to the Siberian tiger enclosure . The husband and wife fight. The wife gets out of the car. Suddenly, a tiger drags her away. Her husband runs after her. Her mother is also in the car. Her mother runs after her, too. The tiger seriously hurts the woman. The woman lives. But the tiger kills her mother. This happens before at this wildlife park. It happens in 2014. A tiger kills a person who works at the park.	A terrible thing happened at a wildlife park in Beijing, China. While a family visited the park and stopped near the Siberian tiger enclosure , the husband and wife had an argument. The wife got out of the car and all of the sudden, a tiger appeared and dragged her away. Her husband rushed after her, followed by her mother who was also in the car. The woman survived but she had serious injuries. Sadly, her mother did not survive. In 2014, a similar incident happened when a tiger killed a person who worked at the park.	Security cameras captured the shocking moment that a woman stepped out of the car amid an argument with her husband only to be mauled by a Siberian tiger. Her family and she were in a tiger enclosure at a wildlife park in Beijing. The tiger appeared suddenly on the road and dragged the woman away . Her husband quickly jumped out after her, followed by the woman’s mother, who was in the back of the car. She tried to save her daughter, but the tiger killed her. The mauled woman did sustain serious injuries but miraculously survived . The husband and a child, who stayed inside the car, were unhurt. This was not the first fatal attack in the wildlife park. A tiger mauled an employee to death in 2014.
Rihanna is a singer. She comes from Barbados. She is the richest female musician in the world. Rihanna earns about 1.7 billion dollars. 80% of the money does not come from singing. Rihanna also works with fashion and cosmetics companies. She is a successful businesswoman. She owns a half of a French company. The company makes luxury clothes. Now one of Rihanna´s businesses is not so successful. The business starts in 2019. It is a luxury fashion company. It must close in February this year. The reason is the coronavirus.	Forbes is a US business magazine, and every year, it makes a list of the richest people in the world. This year, singer Rihanna became the richest female musician in the world. Rihanna earns about 1.7 billion dollars, but her money comes from more than singing. She is a successful businesswoman, too, and she works with the world´s top fashion and cosmetics companies. Forbes wrote that only about 270 million dollars came from singing and acting. Yet not all of what Rihanna did was a success. One of her fashion businesses closed down in November 2020. The reason was the coronavirus pandemic which affected more than small businesses but also luxury brands.	A US business magazine Forbes annually produces a list of the world´s richest people. According to Forbes, Barbados-born singer Rihanna is now worth 1.7 billion dollars, making her the wealthiest female musician in the world. However, it is not Rihanna´s music that´s made her so wealthy. Forbes estimates that 80% of her fortune comes from the value of Fenty Beauty, a 50-50 joint venture with French luxury goods brand LVMH. It was launched in 2017, and it´s run by the world´s second richest person, Bernard Arnault. The rest lies in Rihanna´s stake in her lingerie company Savage x Fenty, worth an estimated 270 million dollars, and her earnings from a lucrative music and acting career. However, not everything that Rihanna touches  turns into gold . In February, the singer confirmed that they had shut down their other business, a high-end fashion and accessories business that was launched in 2019. However, like many luxury fashion brands, the high-priced line suffered during the pandemic, releasing its last collection in November 2020.
A girl comes to a market . This market is in a city in Nigeria. There are a lot of people there. The girl is ten years old. She has a bomb. She is a suicide bomber . The bomb explodes. It kills fourteen peope. People do not know who did this. Maybe, Boko Haram did this. Boko Haram is a terrorist group in Nigeria. This attack is not the first one in the city. Six days ago, three policemen died. Before that, another suicide bomber killed nine people.	A 10-year-old girl came to a crowded market in a city in northeastern Nigeria. She was a suicide bomber. She detonated her bomb and killed 14 people. An attack like this is not the first one in the city. Six days ago, another suicide bomber killed three policemen. Earlier this month, a female suicide bomber killed at least nine people in the city. Nobody claimed responsibility for the most recent explosion, but it was similar to the attacks by Boko Haram. Boko Haram is a terrorist organisation which operates in Nigeria.	Fifteen people died here, including the 10 year-old suicide bomber. Nigerian police say the girl tore through a crowded market, detonating the bomb in Damaturu in northeastern Nigeria. No one has claimed responsibility for the explosion which is the latest in a series of attacks bearing the hallmarks of the militant Islamist group Boko Haram. Undetonated explosives were also recovered at the scene of the blast . A police spokesman said they recovered 5 units of explosives, adding that the suicide bombers are changing their tactics of using bags to convey their devices so they can’t be easily suspected or detected . The explosion in the centre of the Yobe state capital came six days after another suicide bomber killed three policemen at a checkpoint on the outskirts of the city. And earlier this month, at least nine people were killed in the city by a female suicide bomber as worshipers gathered to mark the Muslim holiday of Eid.
A man in Sweden has a sword . He comes to a school. He kills a teacher. He injures four students. They go to hospital. Doctors operate on them. The man wears a mask . Police shoot him. They injure him seriously.	In Sweden, a man with a sword killed a teacher and injured four students at a school. People took the students to hospital and doctors operated on them. The local hospital said that the students were “young but not kids”. The suspect wore a mask. After police shot him, he is in a serious condition.	A man wielding a sword has killed one person and injured four more at a school in Sweden. Early reports say a teacher died in the attack at the Kronan School in Trollhattan, which is just north of Sweden’s second largest city, Gothenburg. The local NAL hospital said the four people injured were students who are “young but not kids”. They were taken to hospital and some have serious injuries and are being operated on. The suspect, who’s believed to have been wearing a mask, is in a serious condition after being shot by police. Authorities say they were initially called to reports of a masked man, armed with a sword, on the premises , and that one person had been attacked at or near the school cafeteria.
Torrential rain causes flash floods on Mallorca. Mallorca is a Spanish island. Ten people die. More people are missing. People are trying to make things normal again. Spain’s prime minister flies to Mallorca to show his help. Tennis player Rafael Nadal helps, too. He helps with the cleaning. He also helps people who have no homes. They can stay at his tennis academy.	Torrential rain caused flash floods on the Spanish island of Mallorca, and at least ten people died and more are missing. Spain’s prime minister flew to Mallorca and tennis player Rafael Nadal joined the recovery efforts . People filmed him clearing mud from a house, and he also opened up his tennis academy for those who need a place to stay.	Military and emergency services are continuing to search for missing people caught in the flash floods on the Spanish island of Mallorca. At least ten people died in the disaster caused by torrential rain . Spain’s Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez flew in to support the emergency services, and tennis player Rafael Nadal joined the recovery efforts. People filmed Nadal helping residents clear mud from their houses left by the rainstorms. He also opened up his tennis academy on the island for those in need of shelter .
Andy Murray is a famous tennis player. He is from Scotland. He is number two in the world. He also has a baby daughter. He says that she is very important to him. He knows how responsible he must be. He wants to be a good father. However, he has many priorities . He still has tennis. He is on a team for Great Britain. Three other men are on his team. One is his brother. The team wants to win for Great Britain. It will be the first time since 1936 if the team wins.	Andy Murray’s new daughter is keeping him on his toes just like playing tennis. The number two-ranked player in tennis, who is from Scotland, said that the first time he took care of his daughter alone, he realized how responsible he needed to be. He wants to have a positive impact on his family and balance his priorities . The team of Andy, his brother Jamie, and two other men will defend the title in tennis for Great Britain. If the team wins, it will be the first time for Great Britain since 1936.	Not only is he being kept on his toes , tennis champ Andy Murray is being put through his paces by his baby daughter Sophia Olivia. “I guess that the scariest part for me, rather than exciting, was when I sort of left alone with her for the first time. That was when I sort of realized, OK, this is big, this is a big responsibility here…” Waxing lyrical about his latest challenge of fatherhood, the Wimbledon winner discusses balancing being the number two-ranked player in the world with parenthood. “Priorities do change. You know, my family’s the most important thing to me now, and trying to be a good dad, first and foremost. If it has a positive impact , fantastic, if it has a negative impact, that’s fine as well…” Andy and his fellow Great Britain teammates, Dan Evans, Dominic Inglot, and of course, his brother Jamie, were hard at work training for their first round match of this year’s Davis Cup against Japan. 25-year-old Evans is replacing injured Kyle Edmund, who was part of the winning team in Belgium last year, and this year, pressure’s on to defend their title, after being the first GB team to win since 1936. But we have no doubt that Murry and Co. will ace it!
This news is about the Egyptian Airlines flight MS804. It crashes into the Mediterranean Sea last Thursday. There are 66 people on the plane. All of them die. People look for the remains . The search area is in the north of Egypt. People find clothing, seat belts , bags, and even body parts. People are still looking for the black box system. This system holds information about the flight. It can tell us a lot. No terror group takes responsibility . Some Egyptians believe that the crash is an act of God.	The Egyptian Airlines flight MS804 crashed into the Mediterranean last Thursday. We believe that all 66 people on the plane died. People found clothing, seat belts, bags, and even body parts in the search area north of Egypt. Ships and aircraft continue to search this area – they are looking for the plane’s black box system. It could uncover what happened to the flight. The last details received from the plane suggested smoke in the toilets and in the electrical systems. The cause of the smoke is yet unknown. No terror group took responsibility and some Egyptian locals believe that the crash was an  act of God .	The first look at the recovered wreckage of the Egyptian Airlines flight MS804 which crashed into the Mediterranean on Thursday, it’s believed killing all 66 on board. Clothes, seat belts, even bags have been found in the search area north of Egypt along with what we’re told have been body parts salvaged by the Navy. Ships and aircraft from multiple countries continue to search the area looking for the plane’s black box system, which could uncover what happened to the flight. The last details received from the plane suggested smoke in the toilets and the electrical systems, but the cause of which is yet unknown. With no terror group taking responsibility, Egyptian locals of Alexandria believe it may have been an act of God. “I really don’t know what to say. This news has saddened a lot of families and a lot of people but this was fate , an act of God. Whoever thinks that this was an act of terrorism, this is not true.” As the search continues thoughts are already firmly onto the investigation where British Foreign Secretary Phillip Hammond has offered assistance from the UK. “Well, as you know, wreckage has now been identified so the search area has narrowed. The priority now is to find the black box, of course, to try to understand what happened to the aircraft. In the meantime, we’ve offered help with the search. We’ve offered Air Accident Investigation Board to support the investigation when it gets going. The sooner we can get to the bottom of this and understand exactly what happened, the sooner we can make sure with our partners around the world that we’re taking the necessary actions to keep people safe.”
Kyoto Animation is an anime studio . For example, people know it for its series like ‘Full Metal Panic!’ and ‘K-On!’. The studio has a building in Kyoto, Japan. There are about 70 people in the building. A man comes to this building. He sets it on fire. People say that he screams ‘die’ when he sets the fire. In the end, police arrest him. The building gets on fire. Thirty-three or more people die. Many more people are injured.	In Kyoto, Japan, about 70 people were inside a three- storey building when a man set it on fire. At least 33 people died and many more were injured. The building was one of Japan’s most popular anime studios, Kyoto Animation. People know it for anime series like ‘Full Metal Panic!’ and ‘K-On!’. Police arrested the arsonist . People say that he screamed ‘die’ as he started the fire. The police say that he is not a current or former employee of the studio. The New York Times says that this is one of the most tragic fires in recent Japanese history. In 2001, a deadlier fire happened in Tokyo when 44 people died.	In Kyoto, Japan, about 70 people were inside a three-storey building when a man set it ablaze . At least 33 people died and dozens more were injured. The building was one of Japan’s most popular anime studios, Kyoto Animation, and it was best known for anime series like ‘Full Metal Panic!’ and ‘K-On!’. Police arrested the arsonist , and he reportedly screamed ‘die’ as he started the fire. The police say that he is not a current or former employee of the studio. According to The New York Times, the fire is one of the most tragic in recent Japanese history. In 2001, a deadlier one happened in Tokyo, and it killed 44 people.
Are you afraid of spiders? This news is about old spiders. These spiders lived 410 million years ago. Scientists study their fossils . They know how the spiders moved. They know the spiders’ bodies. They use this information. A computer programme makes a video. It shows how the spiders walked. These old spiders ate insects. Today’s spiders are the old spiders’ “children”.	If you are afraid of spiders, this news might scare you, a little … Scientists brought ancient spiders back to life by using 3D graphics. The scientists studied fossils and worked out how the spiders moved. A special computer programme then created a video of the spiders. You can see how the spiders walked. These spiders lived on Earth 410 million years ago, and they hunted insects. Today’s spiders developed from them.	If you’ve got a fear of spiders, look away now, as scientists have brought ancient spiders back to life using 3D graphics. Using well-preserved fossils, researchers from the University of Manchester and a museum in Berlin worked out how the extinct early relative of spiders would have moved. The spider-like creatures, known as Trigonotarbid, would have lived 410 million years ago. They were some of the first predators to dominate on land, meaning they would have been at the top of the food chain. Scientists who studied the ancient fossils were able to see their leg joints and work out a range of motion in the limbs. Researchers used an open-source computer graphic program to create the video showing how the creatures walked. They reckon the spiders’ prey would have been early flightless insects and say they would vomit  digested enzymes on their prey and then suck up the liquid as food. Nice.
This happens in England. A gang attacks ticket machines. The people in the gang use tools to open the machines. Then they take the money that is inside. Security cameras film the men. The video is good. Police know one man’s face. The gang destroys six machines. These machines cost a lot of money. The six machines are worth £100,000.	A gang in England attacked six ticket machines. They used angle grinders and pickaxes to open the machines and steal the money. Security cameras filmed two of the gang’s attacks. The men tried to break the security cameras at some stations, but the police have good-quality footage . One man’s face was filmed quite clearly. The gang has caused more than £100,000 worth of damage since April. They stole just over £3,000.	Caught on CCTV , the timeline of a gang targeting stations across North London and Hertfordshire. Since April, the gang have used angle grinders and pickaxes to break open ticket machines at six stations. The dramatic footage shows the men in action at Hadley Wood on Monday 19th May, where they caused £23,000 worth of damage and stole £650 in cash. The day before the men were captured at Watton-at-Stone, they previously raided a machine at Oakleigh Park that night. On this occasion they got away with more than £900 in cash from the two machines and caused an estimated £30,000 worth of damage. In the footage, the gang is clearly seen attacking the machines and forcing the front open to get at the cash boxes inside. Even though the men did attempt to disable the security cameras at some stations, there is still good quality footage, including clear images of one man’s face. Since April, the gang have caused more than £100,000 worth of damage at station and they’ve got away with just over £3,000.
Taipei and Taitung are cities in Taiwan. A train goes from Taipei to Taitung. It carries 366 passengers. This train derails . Twenty-two or more people die. One hundred and seventy-one people are injured . Some people are trapped . Soldiers and firefighters try to save them.	A train going from Taipei to Taitung in Taiwan derailed last Sunday. It was carrying around 366 passengers, and the derailment killed at least 22 people and injured 171 others. The express launched in 2013, and the trains travel up to 150 kilometre per hour. Soldiers and firefighters are working to find trapped people. People are investigating the cause of this crash.	A train carrying around 366 passengers from Taipei to Taitung derailed last Sunday, killing at least 22 people and injuring 171 others. The Puyuma express is a type of railway service on Taiwan Railways launched in 2013, and it travels up to 150 kilometres per hour. One hundred and twenty soldiers are working alongside firefighters with cranes to help find trapped people, and others are investigating the cause of the derailment.
Many cows are in the Alps. The cows stay up in the hills. There is a lot of grass for the cows. Farmers look after the cows. At the end of summer, farmers take the cows down the hills. It is a special moment for many people. In Switzerland, farmers take down about 1,000 cows this week. However, something unusual happens. One cow does not walk down. A helicopter takes the animal down. A farmer explains why it happens. The cow cannot walk well. The farmer does not want to risk the cow´s health. He decides to take the cow down with a helicopter. The farmer says that this can be traumatic for the cow. However, this is a usual way that farmers transport injured animals.	Every year, farmers in the Alps take their cattle from higher pastures to lower ground. This event is called the ´Bodenfahrt´. This week, farmers took about 1,000 cows down the hills at the Klausen Pass in Switzerland. However, for one cow, the experience was very special. A farmer said that the cow had problems with her leg. The animal cold not walk well for about one month. The farmer did not want to risk the cow´s health. He hired a helicopter that transported the cow down the hill. The farmer said that it could be a stressful moment for the animal. However, he added that this is a usual way that farmers transport injured animals.	Each year, Alpine farmers drive their cow from higher ground to the lower Alps in an event called the ´Bodenfahrt´. On Tuesday, around 1,000 cows were ushered down the hills at the Klausen Pass in Switzerland; however, one cow had suffered an injury and was transported downhill by a helicopter instead. Ambros Arnold, one of the farmers who was transporting the herd, said that the cow had been limping for about one month, and he chose to airlift the animal because he did not want to risk its health. This method was an efficient short cut ; however, Arnold added that the experience may have been traumatic for the animal because it was lifted into the air suddenly. The method of transporting injured cows by helicopter is common, and it prevents the cattle from being injured any further.
This news is from an aquarium . The aquarium is in South Korea. There are sharks in the aquarium. A big shark attacks a smaller shark. The big shark eats the small shark. The small shark hangs out of the big shark’s mouth. Visitors see this. They are shocked. This is rare . Usually, sharks do not eat other sharks. However, sharks can be territorial .	At a South Korean aquarium, a shark swam into an even bigger shark, and the bigger shark ate it! For some time, the big shark swam around, and the tail of its prey hung out of its mouth. The visitors of the aquarium looked on in amazement . Sharks do not usually eat each other in captivity , but they have to have their own territory.	Visitors at a South Korean aquarium watched in amazement at a shark swimming in a tank with another shark’s tail hanging out of its mouth. While sharks do not tend to eat others of the same species when they are in captivity and they have regular feeds, experts at the aquarium said that sharks have their own territory, and when they occasionally bump against each other, they bite out of astonishment . The smaller shark which fell prey to its bigger counterpart was a banded hound shark. The bigger beast was a sand tiger shark.
This news is from a village in England. There is a mother duck. She has nine baby ducklings. Sadly, the mother duck goes missing . The ducklings need a parent. A dog takes them in . The dog’s name is Fred. He is ten years old. He is a labrador dog. Fred is a father to the ducklings, the ducklings love him! They often ride on his back!	People found nine baby ducklings waddling about a village in England. Their mother was nowhere to be found and they needed a parent. Luckily, ten-year-old labrador Fred took them in , and he became their father and the ducklings love him. They often ride on his back!	Nine baby ducklings were waddling about alone in a village in Essex, England. Their mother duck had disappeared , but they were lucky enough to find a new home and a parent. Ten-year-old labrador Fred took them in as his own. The ducklings adore him and often hitch a ride on his back.
In Indonesia, There is a nature reserve. It is home to 200 orangutans. The apes must go away. There is a fire in the reserve. The orangutans are in danger. The smoke is not good for them. It hurts their lungs and eyes. The adult orangutans are fine, but baby orangutans have problems. Doctors help them.	A forest fire burned through at least 100 hectares of a nature reserve in Indonesia. The sanctuary is home to over 200 orangutans which had to evacuate. Hot weather conditions and droughts caused the fire. Firefighters are trying to stop the fire. The adult orangutans are fine, but doctors are treating 13 orangutan babies. They are not burned, but the smoke hurt their lungs and eyes.	This was once the home of over 200 orangutans. A forest fire has burned through at least 100 hectares of the reserve in Samboja in the East Kalimantan Province. The orangutans have been evacuated to a safe artificial island within their sanctuary . Firefighters are still struggling to contain the fire caused by hot weather conditions and droughts . Although a hazardous  haze has swept across the reserve, a local veterinarian said the fire, in its present state, would not threaten the lives of the apes . The main concern is the effect on the respiratory health of the mammals, as the smoke can cause upper respiratory infections. General check-ups revealed no symptoms of the disease amongst the adult orangutans, but the worse affected are the babies due to their immature immune systems. Thirteen orangutan babies are currently receiving treatment for acute infections of the lungs and eyes. There are no current plans to move the apes beyond the sanctuary despite the fires that are still raging across the compound .
There is a circus in the USA. It is famous for its elephants. They perform in the circus. Eleven of the elephants now retire . They go to Florida. There is a centre for them there. In the wild, there are fewer than 40,000 elephants. Two hundred and fifty are in captivity in the United States. Thirty-nine are at the centre in Florida.	After 145 years as the centrepiece of the Ringling Brothers’ Circus, the show’s last 11 elephants arrived at a conservation centre in Florida. They are there to officially retire. They spent most of their lives in front of crowds of people. Now, it is time for a well-earned rest. Fewer than 40,000 elephants remain in the wild. Two hundred and fifty are in captivity in the United States, 39 of which are now at the 200-acre centre in Florida.	It’s described as “the Greatest Show on Earth”. But now, after 145 years as the centrepiece of the Ringling Brothers’ Circus travelling across the United States, the show’s last remaining 11 elephants have arrived at a conservation centre in Florida to officially retire. Meet Asia, the 48-year-old veteran entertainer who spent decades delighting crowds. She, and the other remaining 10, will spend their days outside from now on. “It’s been in the sense that after 145 years our elephants will no longer be a part of our travelling circus shows. It’s the end of an era, its sweet in a sense and at the end of the day, it’s about these magnificent creatures and conservation, and ensuring that these guys will be around for many generations to come.” Fewer than 40,000 elephants remain in the wild. Two hundred and fifty are in captivity in the United States, 39 of which are now at this 200-acre centre. The endangered Asian elephants have spent most of their lives in front of crowds of people, but while many may see this as an end of an era, others would argue it’s time for a well-earned rest.
Two criminals want to steal two cars. They are at a house. They cannot open the house’s side door. They go to the back of the house.They enter the house. This happens in England. The criminals are attacked. They are attacked by a woman. She lives in the house. She wants to protect it. She is 56 years old. The criminals punch her in the face. The criminals run away. They did not steal anything.	A pair of burglars tried to steal two cars, but they could not open the house’s side door. They then went to the rear of the house and entered through the back door. This happened in England. It was at this point that the woman who lives there attacked the burglars. The 56 year-old woman was punched in the face six times. The men then ran away without the car keys.	These images show the horrific moment a woman was repeatedly punched in the face by burglars who broke into her home. The 56 year-old woman tackled the burglars in her dressing gown , as they were leaving her house in Kettering. The pair tried to steal two of her family’s cars after failing to force open a side door of the house. They then went to the rear of the home and entered through the back door. It was at this point that the woman confronted the two. One of the men punched her in the face six times before running away without the car keys.
Horses can get injured during training. Usually it is the jockey’s fault . People want to protect the horses. They make a machine. It trains horses. It runs on a 1.5-kilometre track. It costs 20 million pounds. It is installed in England. We will see if it helps the horses.	Horses can get injured during training, and usually it is because of human error. To protect horses, engineers develop a machine that can train them. The machine runs a 1.5-kilometre track and recently people installed it in England. It aims to reduce the risk of injury to young horses. However, only time will show if it works. The ‘ monorail ’ cost 20 million pounds.	A machine installed in England could be about to change the way that race horses are trained forever. Roller coaster engineers developed the £20 million jockey-less system and they aimed to reduce the risk of injury to young horses by eliminating human error. However, as one champion jockey said, only time will show whether the system works. The ‘ monorail ’ runs a 1.5-kilometre track.
This news is from a prison . The prison is in Brazil. The prisoners start fighting. It is a fight between two gangs . Police come to the prison. They find 60 dead people. Some people are cut to pieces. The police find a hole in a wall. The gangs use this hole. They get guns through the hole.	A riot broke out in a prison in a Brazilian northern state. People think that it was a fight between gangs. Police came to the prison. They found some prisoners beheaded or cut to pieces. At least 60 prisoners died. The police found a hole in a wall. The prisoners used the hole to move weapons inside.	A riot in a jail in Brazil’s Amazonas state broke out and lasted overnight. People think that rival gangs are behind the violence as they try to gain control of several prisons. Police attended the scene with reports saying that some inmates had been beheaded and dismembered . At least 60 inmates died. Police found a hole in a prison wall to smuggle weapons inside.
The British royals William and Kate start an official YouTube channel. The first video is 25 seconds long. The video shows William and Kate with other people . In the video, Kate is shooting an arrow . William is working in a kitchen. Kate is helping at a farm. William is speaking with a famous scientist. William and Kate already use Twitter and Instagram. They write about their work there.	British royals William and Kate started their first official YouTube channel. The first video was a 25-second clip. The clip was made from moments with other people . In the video, Kate was shooting an arrow . William was working in a kitchen. Kate was helping at a farm. William was speaking with a famous biologist. William and Kate already use Twitter and Instagram where they promote their work.	British royals William and Kate have launched their first official YouTube channel with a 25-second clip taken from official royal  engagements . The clip included Kate shooting an arrow, William working in a kitchen, Kate shearing a sheep during a visit to a farm, and William sitting with Sir David Attenborough promoting an environment prize, among other moments. William and Kate already use Twitter and Instagram to promote their work.
When a pet’s owner dies, the pet can be abandoned . These pets can be old. People also abandon old pets when they cannot pay for the vet. The abandoned pets need help. They need a home and some love. There is a shelter for them in Belgium. A married couple runs the shelter. They say that it is hard work. They even quit their normal jobs. However, when they see that an animal is happy, they are happy too.	People abandon many older pets. This can happen when the owner dies, divorces or cannot pay for the vet. Often, vets euthanise these pets. In Belgium, there is a shelter which takes in old pets. The shelter provides them with a home and love. A married couple runs the shelter, and these two quit their jobs to work full time. It is hard work, but seeing the animals happy makes them happy, too.	People abandon many older pets when their owners die, divorce or cannot afford medical care – vets then often euthanise the pets. The Les Petits Vieux animal shelter in Belgium, however, takes in the animals and provides them with a home and love. The married couple who runs it quit their jobs to work full-time. The husband said that it is a lot of work, but the reward, as he always tells his wife, are those moments of laying on the couch with the pets in the barn. Seeing the animals happy is the biggest reward for him.
This happens in the USA. A group of men are rowing . They are university students. They scare fish in the water. The fish start to jump out. There is a lot of them. This is dangerous . The students must stop rowing. They must wait. Someone films the situation. He uploads it on the Internet. The video becomes very popular. The students are happy that the video is popular. They can make some money from the video.	An American university rowing team came under attack by giant flying fish. The Asian Carp probably got scared and started to jump out of the water. The group had to stop rowing and wait until the frenzy ended. Someone filmed the incident on camera and it went viral on the Internet. The fish can jump up to 10 feet (3 metres) in the air, and the fish injured a number of boaters in the past. The boys, however, were lucky in a way – they want to raise money from the video to help them pay for their trip to the National Rowing Championship.	A university rowing team came under attack in St. Louis by giant flying fish. A video making the waves of social media shows the rowing team practicing when giant Asian Carp shot out of the water. “Get it boys! Get it boys!” The underwater army of fish can be seen jumping frantically in the water surrounding them. It’s believe the frightening action taken by the carp was likely unintentional and a result of the fish getting spooked by the motion of the students’ rowing. The group was forced to stop rowing until the frenzy ended. The viral footage couldn’t actually come at a better time for the student rowers who said they hope to raise funds from the video to help pay for their trip to the National Rowing Championships in Florida next month. Asian Carp are known for being highly invasive and have taken over many lakes and rivers in the United States. In the past, a number of boaters have been severely injured by the fish which are able to jump 8 to 10 feet (2.4 metres to 3 metres) in the air.
People find human remains . They find them in Morocco. They are around 300,000 years old. They are 100,000 years older than previous remains. However, people may still find even older remains. These remains show us how people evolved . We do not have bigger brains than them. However, some parts of our brains are bigger.	People discovered the earliest human remains in Morocco. They are around 300,000 years old, which means that they are 100,000 years older than previous discoveries. However, people may find even older remains. The remains show how people evolved. The humans looked very similar to people today. Their brains were as big as hours, but they had a different shape . Some parts of the brains were not as developed . These people maybe lived in caves and hunted animals.	People discovered the earliest human remains in the north-western African country of Morocco. They are around 300,000 years old, making them 100,000 years older than previous discoveries. They are not necessarily the oldest homo sapiens waiting to be found, but they do show how slowly we have evolved. The ancient humans looked very similar to modern-day humans with only a few differences. Their brains were within the variety of living humans in terms of the size, but their brains was more elongated and some parts were not as developed. These people may have lived in caves and hunted prey like gazelles using weapons made of flint .
Scientists all over the world are working hard. They want to make a vaccine for the coronavirus. Usually, it takes many years to make a vaccine. Health officials believe that the vaccine for the coronavirus can be ready this year. Scientists in Oxford, UK, make vaccines last year. These vaccines are good for some viruses . The viruses are similar to the coronavirus. Scientists test the vaccines on monkeys. The vaccines work well. Oxford scientists make a vaccine for coronavirus. They hope that officials can approve it. They want to start clinical trials very soon. However, scientists do not know if people can have the same reaction to the vaccine as monkeys.	Scientists in Oxford, UK, say that they could make a vaccine for COVID-19 by fall this year. Nobody thought that a vaccine could be ready so soon. Usually, it takes years to make a vaccine; however, health officials believe that scientists can make a vaccine for COVID-19 very fast. It can take them between 12 to 18 months. Scientists in Oxford made similar vaccines last year, and they used monkeys to test the vaccines. The vaccines worked well. Scientists hope that they can start clinical trials for the COVID-19 vaccine very soon. However, they are not sure that humans have the same immunity as monkeys.	Scientists at the University of Oxford, UK, say that a possible vaccine for COVID-19 could be ready in September, which is months earlier than was originally planned. Researchers are hoping to get emergency approval from regulators , which would allow them to make millions of vaccines by the fall. Oxford vaccines, that were effective over the last year, involved trials on macaque monkeys. Oxford scientists hope to conduct thousands of clinical trials in the coming weeks; however, scientists are not sure that humans have the same immunity as monkeys. Sometimes it takes years to develop a vaccine and to make it available for patients. In case of a vaccine for COVID-19, health officials have suggested that it could take between 12 to 18 months
In the US, bikes become more popular. The problem is that a lot of people who ride a bike do not wear a helmet. A helmet is very important because it protects a cyclist´s head. There are very many accidents. Many people die because they hurt their heads. Recently, a lot more cyclists die in crashes with cars. It is very important that cyclists are safe. An agency says that helmets are necessary for all cyclists in all US states. Currently, it is not necessary that all cyclists wear helmets.	A transportation agency recommends that all cyclists in all US states wear helmets. Between 2017 and 2018, there was an increase in cyclist deaths caused by cars. According to the agency, head injuries are the most common cause of death of cyclists. A helmet significantly reduces the risk of an injury. However, only a half of cyclists wear a helmet. Nowadays, more and more people choose the bike as a means of transport; therefore it is very important to protect cyclists more. Currently, no US state has a law that cyclists must wear helmets, but in some states, children must wear them.	The National Transportation Safety Board, NTSB, recommended that all US states require all cyclists to wear helmets. The reason is that between 2017 and 2018, there was a 6.3% increase in cyclist deaths which more caused by motor vehicles . The NTSB found that head injuries are the main cause of cyclist deaths but less than half of cyclists wear helmets. The agency says that using a helmet is the most effective way to reduce the risk of a serious head injury. The NTSB chairman said that more and more people were using bikes, so it was necessary to protect cyclists better. Currently, no states require that all cyclists wear helmets, but several states require helmets for children.
A lot of information about COVID-19 is on TV and the Internet. However, some information is too complicated . Some people do not understand it. A US research company shows that health agencies and websites use difficult language. Some people do not know very much about health and medicine. These people do not understand the information about COVID-19. It can be a problem. It can slow down the fight with COVID-19. It is important to use simple language. Children, who are 12 to 14 years old, must understand the language. However, the reality is different. The language is much more complicated. Doctors must explain many details to their patients. Doctors sometimes use pictures. Pictures help people understand.	There is a new study about the way that US health agencies and websites inform people about COVID-19. The study says that the language is too complicated, and it is possible that some people do not understand it well. Health agencies and websites use many medical words, and it can be a problem for people who do not have good knowledge about health and medicine. Researchers say that the agencies should use a language that children in the 8 th year of school could understand. These children are between 12 to 14 years old. Some doctors found a way on how to talk to COVID-19 patients. They use pictures and analogies , and they explain everything carefully.	A new US research study shows that state public health agencies and websites are using overly complicated language to talk about COVID-19. For some people, medical COVID-19-related terms like ´ fomites ´, ´quarantine´ or ´infection could be hard to immediately understand. Public health information should be for a 6 th to 8 th grade reading level and government communication should be clear; however, out of all fifty US states, none of them had public information about COVID-19 written at an appropriate level. Scientists say that complicated wording can impact communities with lower health literacy , and potentially worsen the effects of the pandemic. It also leaves nurses and doctors to combat confusion among patients. An executive at Northwestern Medicine´s Huntley Hospital said that her hospital used analogies , pictures and thorough conversations to help patients. She said that above all, it was about meeting patients and their families at their level.
It rains a lot in western Japan. Around 60 centimetres of rain fall down in just 24 hours! The rain causes floods and landslides . It kills sixty people. Two million people must evacuate .	Heavy rainfall in western Japan caused flash floods and landslides. In the worst hit area, 60 centimetres of rain fell in just 24 hours. Two million people had orders to evacuate. For 60 people, it was already too late – they died in the floods. The rain continues to fall; people think that around 25 centimetres will rain down.	An unprecedented rainfall in western Japan caused flash floods and a number of landslides. In the worst hit area, 60 centimetres of rain fell in just 24 hours. As the rain continues to fall, two million people have orders to evacuate, but it was already too late for at least 60 people who died in the floods. Locals and rescuers, including 40 helicopters are searching for the missing and are working against time, as people expect another 25 centimetres of rain.
Nick Wallenda likes to do dangerous things. He walks on a rope high above the ground. He walks above an active volcano in Nicaragua. The walk is 1,800 feet long. The rope is only one inch wide. The volcano is dangerous. The air is toxic . Wallenda must wear a mask. He also wears goggles . Wallenda must wear a safety harness . People watch him on TV. Some people are not happy. They think that he must walk without the safety harness. In 2012, Wallenda walks over the Niagara Falls. He is the first person to do this in the world. In 2013, Wallenda walks over the Grand Canyon.	American daredevil Nick Wallenda walked over an active volcano in Nicaragua. Wallenda walked 1,800 feet on a wire that was only one inch wide. He used an oxygen mask which protected him from toxic gas from the volcano. Some people were disappointed that Wallenda also wore a safety equipment. He usually does not wear safety equipment; however, a TV station wanted him to wear it because his stunt was live on TV. The walk above the volcano lasted 31 minutes, and it was Wallenda´s highest and longest high wire walk . In 2012, Wallenda became the first person to walk over the Niagara Falls. In 2013, he walked over the Grand Canyon.	American daredevil and high wire artist Nik Wallenda accomplished his highest and longest high wire walk when he took a walk right over the top of an active volcano. On Wednesday, Wallenda walked 1,800 feet on a one-inch wide wire over the Masaya volcano in Nicaragua. It took Wallenda 31 minutes to make the dangerous crossing high above the hot liquid magma . During the stunt, he wore an oxygen mask for protection from the toxic fumes. His stunt was broadcasted live, and some viewers were disappointed when they realized that Wallenda was wearing a safety harness . In 2012, Wallenda fulfilled his lifelong dream of becoming the first person to walk a wire directly over the Niagara Falls. One year later, he walked over the Grand Canyon.
It is illegal to trade rhino horns . However, people kill rhinos. They trade their horns illegally. Other people want to save the rhinos. Some vets in Africa de-horn them . They do this to save them.	People banned the international trade of rhino horn in 1977, but people still illegally hunt rhinos and trade their horns. Some vets in Africa are de-horning the animals to try to save them. This is an exteme step but the WWF (an organisation which tries to help animals) says that de-horning is not dangerous for the rhinos.	People banned international trade in rhino horn since 1977, but poaching and smuggling continues. Some vets in Africa resorted to de-horning the animals in a bid to save them. This is a drastic step to stop illegal hunters, but de-horning is not detrimental , according to the WWF (World Wide Fund for Nature).
A big Climate Change meeting will be in Glasgow, Scotland. It will be at the end of October. World leaders will talk about how to stop climate change. Greta Thunberg is a Swedish activist . She starts Fridays for Future in 2018. Fridays for Future is a group of young people. They want to change governments and society . They care about the natural world. Thunberg is afraid that world leaders will only speak and do nothing. Thunberg says that young people are watching government leaders closely. She says that the situation is very serious. Things must change quickly.	Glasgow, Scotland, is holding the Climate Change Conference soon. At the conference , world leaders are going to negotiate how to stop climate change. Thousands of young activists met in Sweden, because they wanted to remind leaders that they were going to watch the conference very closely. Young people planned strikes in more than 500 places in the world. Swedish activist Greta Thunberg said that she was afraid of the result of the conference. Thunberg said that the situation was very serious, and young people would not let the leaders only talk and do nothing.	Youth activist leaders from around the globe gathered in Stockholm, Sweden, ahead of their journey to the United Nations climate summit where they will let their voices be heard. Thousands of people marched in the city on Friday for the last Global Climate Strike before the 2021 Climate Change Conference, COP26, opens in Glasgow, Scotland. People planned strikes in more than 500 locations around the globe, organized by Fridays for Future, a youth climate movement started by Swedish activist Greta Thunberg. She said that she was fearful that Glasgow would not provide the action needed to solve problems. However, youth activists‘ presence from around the world would remind politicians that their actions were being scrutinized . The activist added that young people were watching the world leaders, and they were not going to let them get away with just talking, doing nothing and only pretending that the situation was under control.
A boy is at an airport in California. He is from Somalia. He wants to go back there. He wants to find his mother. He gets inside the space for the plane’s wheel . The plane flies up. It is very cold up there. The boy has problems with breathing , but he lives. The plane lands in Hawaii. Now the boy is at the airport in Hawaii. An airport worker finds him. The boy goes to hospital.	A teenage boy lodged himself in the wheel well of a plane. The plane flew from California to Hawaii. The teenager braved freezing temperatures and had little oxygen. However, he survived. A security camera filmed him in Hawaii. An airport worker noticed the boy, and people took him to hospital. He later told investigators that he was trying to go to Africa to find his mother.	CCTV captures many things. Many things that seem pretty normal to start with but with a backstory become increasingly unbelievable. This is a view of a plane, obviously, at Maui in Hawaii. But what is not so obvious is who this figure is or what he or she is doing. Officials at Kapalua Airport released this footage after the story of a stowaway emerged, as the teenage Somali boy did after lodging himself in the wheel well of a Boeing 767 jet before it flew from California to Hawaii. He braved freezing temperatures and had little oxygen at high altitude but became one of only a fraction of people to survive this ordeal . After being confronted by an airport worker, he was taken away to hospital for treatment and has since been placed in protective custody . He later told investigators he was trying to go to Africa to find his mother.
In 2016, a NASA spacecraft starts a journey to an asteroid . Scientists call the asteroid Bennu. It is 160 million kilometers away from Earth. The spacecraft moves around the asteroid for two years. Last week, the spacecraft drills into the asteroid. This means it creates a hole on the outside of the asteroid. It lasts only five seconds. The spacecraft gets a sample from the asteroid. The sample will go back to Earth. Scientist will study it. Asteroids are pieces of rock. They come from the time of the start of the solar system . It is 4.5 billion years ago. It is possible that Bennu will hit Earth in the next century. The chance is 1 in 2700.	On Tuesday, NASA´s spacecraft drilled into an asteroid that was more than 160 million kilometers away from Earth. It was a complicated operation which lasted five seconds. The operation was successful because the spacecraft collected a sample from the asteroid. Scientists all over the world were very excited because this happened for the first time in history. The spacecraft started its journey to the asteroid in 2016, and it moved around the asteroid for two years. Asteroids are debris from the formation of the solar system 4.5 billion years ago. Scientists hope that when they study the sample, they will learn more about how life on Earth started.	On Tuesday, NASA´s spacecraft performed a complex  maneuver to drill into the Bennu asteroid for five seconds. In the historic operation, the spacecraft collected a sample from an asteroid in space, over 160 million kilometers from Earth. Asteroids are among the leftover debris from the solar system´s formation 4.5 billion years ago, and scientists believe that the asteroid could hold clues to the origins of life on Earth. Scientifically, it is a very exciting event because it is the first time that humans have touched the surface of another solar system object in order to get a sample of it. The spacecraft´s journey to the asteroid began in 2016, and it has been in orbit around the asteroid for almost two years. According to NASA, there is a 1 in 2700 chance that the asteroid will hit Earth late into the next century.
A panda is born in a French zoo. It weighs only 142 grams. Pandas are rare . This is a special moment. The zoo releases a video of the panda. You can see how it changes every day. On the first day, it has no hair. On the fifth day, it has some white hair. At 12 days old, you can see its black panda spots . There are only around 2,200 pandas in the world. About 400 of them live in zoos. People try to protect pandas.	A rare baby panda was born in a French zoo. The zoo released video of it. You can see how the panda changes every day. When it was born, it weighed only 142 grams and it did not have fur . Five days later, you could see some white hair on its pink little body. At 12 days old, black panda spots were beginning to show. The little panda does not have a name yet. His mother was pregnant with a twin, but it was too small to survive. Pandas are a vulnerable species . Only 1,800 live in the wild and 400 live in zoos.	An adorable rare baby panda has just been born in a French zoo. To mark his arrival, the zoo released footage of him since the day that he was born. On the first day, the cub weighed a mere 142 grams and did not have fur . By the fifth day, you could see some white hair on his pink little body. At 12 days old, distinctive black panda spots were beginning to show. The newest addition to the zoo remains nameless for the time being. His parents Huan Huan and Yuan Zi were expecting twins, but the other cub was too small to survive. Pandas are a vulnerable species – only 1,800 remain in the wild and 400 live in captivity.
Thai police attack a building. It is in Bangkok. There is a gang in the building. The gang forges passports. The police find something in the building. They find drugs and guns. They also find a body. It is in a freezer. There is a big black market for fake passports in Thailand. Drug traffickers often buy these passports.	Thai police suspected that a gang was using a building as a passport forging operation. The police attacked the building in Bangkok. The police found drugs, guns, and also a body in a freezer. The body was wrapped in a black plastic bag. With a high number of visitors each year, there is a big black market for fake identity documents in Thailand. People sell passports to drug traffickers , or the passports end up in the hands of Islamist extremists.	Police charged three men after they raided a building in Thailand and found a body in a freezer. A police officer was injured during the raid on the four-storey building in Bangkok, where they also found guns and drugs. Thai police suspected that a gang was using the building as a passport forging operation. The raid led investigators to discover a dismembered body. It was wrapped in a black plastic bag and hidden in a freezer. With a high number of visitors each year, Thailand has a booming black market for fake identity documents. Gangs are known to sell passports on to drug traffickers while other passports are suspected to have ended up in the hands of Islamist militants.
Countries are building 5G networks. A few companies make 5G equipment . Chinese company Huawei is one of them. The USA bans Huawei. The USA says that it is a dangerous company. Russia makes a deal with Huawei. Huawei is going to build a 5G network in Russia. The Chinese President Xi Jinping visits Russia. Putin and he make the deal final. They make many deals. They are all worth more than $20 billion.	Countries around the world are working to build 5G networks. China’s Huawei is one of the few companies which makes 5G equipment . The USA banned Huawei because the American government sees it as a threat to its security. On the other hand, Russia made a deal with Huawei that it is going to build a 5G network in Russia. When the Chinese President Xi Jinping visited Russia, he finalised the deal with Putin. They made many deals, and the total worth of the deals is more than $20 billion.	Countries around the world are working to launch 5G networks, and China’s Huawei is one of the few companies that makes 5G-compatible equipment. The US government blacklisted Huawei as a threat to national security, but the Russian government made a deal with the company to develop the new network in its country. Chinese President Xi Jinping finalised the deal when he visited Russia – it was one of many struck agreements, which are worth over $20 billion in total.
Ceres is a dwarf planet. It is in the asteroid belt . Scientists say that Ceres has ice. Ice is frozen water. It is very important for life. Ten per cent of Ceres is water.	Dwarf planet Ceres is in the asteroid belt. Scientists say that it has ice, which is very important for life to exist. The surface of Ceres has hydrogen which means that there might be a lot of water. Ceres is made up of about 10% water compared to nearby Vesta, which is the second largest object in the asteroid belt.	There is a dwarf planet called Ceres, and according to scientists, it has ice. Ice is an essential ingredient for life to exist. Also, the upper surface of Ceres is rich with hydrogen , and with a high concentration of hydrogen at greater altitudes, it suggests that water is plentiful . Ceres is in the asteroid belt and is made up of about 10% water compared to nearby Vesta, the second largest object in the asteroid belt.
In Moscow, Russia, there are two new busts . They are of past leaders from the Soviet times. One is of leader Joseph Stalin. He killed millions of Russians during his rule . People feel strongly about these busts. A man says that people can think differently about the past. He says they cannot change it. A woman says that Stalin was terrible. She thinks that people should not remember him. Another man says that it is good to remember history. He says that it is good to remember both the good and the bad.	In Moscow, Russia, people presented the busts of past Soviet leaders, Joseph Stalin and Vladimir Lenin, who helped turn Russia into a communist country. Stalin killed millions of Russians while he was leader. People had strong feelings about these new statues. A government worker said that people should say what they feel, but history cannot be changed. One woman said that people should not remember Stalin, as he was cruel. A man said that it was good to remember history as both good and bad.	In Moscow, Russia, people unveiled the busts of past Soviet leaders, Joseph Stalin and Vladimir Lenin, who helped to create the USSR . They placed them next to other past Russian leaders, such as Mikhail Gorbachev and Tsar Nicolas II. Stalin killed millions of Russians during the time that he led. People had mixed reactions about these new statues. A Russian politician said that people should have their freedom of speech about these statues but ‘that history can’t be turned back’. One woman said that everyone knows the Stalin was a cruel man, and she does not feel that it is right to remember such people. A man said that it was good to remember history as both good and bad with both the positive and negative parts. He said that history ‘happened and passed’.
Uber is an app . It lets you call a car. You can also be an Uber driver. You can drive people to make money. An app like Uber is launching in South Korea. Taxi drivers fear for their jobs. They protest in central Seoul. Tens of thousands of them come.	An Uber-like app is launching in South Korea that will connect drivers with passengers so that they can share a ride. Korean taxi drivers fear that the service could put thousands of their jobs at risk. Tens of thousands of them held a massive rally in central Seoul.	Kakao, the operator of South Korea’s top chat app, is launching an Uber-like carpooling service in the country. The app will connect drivers with passengers during commuting hours. Korean taxi drivers fear that the service could put thousands of their jobs at risk, and tens of thousands of them held a massive rally in central Seoul. One protester said that the app grants the permission to do business with personal vehicles without taxi registration – the driver´s stance was that the government could not impose the same law on unregistered drivers and taxi drivers alike .
Belgian scientists take a protein from a llama . It is possible that the protein will help fight against COVID-19. Llamas have different proteins from people. The proteins are simpler. Scientists can work with them more easily. They build them like building blocks . Scientists are testing this method . Scientists think that this method will work for the delta variant of the COVID-19 virus. A variant is another version of the virus. The delta variant is more dangerous than the other variants. This method is good for people who do not have a strong immune system. A strong immune system helps you fight a disease.	Belgian scientists took antibodies from a llama, and the antibodies can help fight against COVID-19. Llamas have an antibody which is called a heavy chain antibody, and it is much simpler than human antibodies. Therefore, it is possible to take a small part of it and put it together with other proteins like building blocks. Studies showed that this method worked for several variants of the virus, including the dangerous delta variant, too. Scientists are doing more tests to see how good the method really is. It will not replace vaccines, but it could help people with weak immune systems or people who end up in hospital.	Llama antibodies can soon be playing a role in the global fight against COVID-19 if clinical trials live up to their early promise. The trials are being conducted by a Belgian biomedical start-up. Researchers from the Flemish Institute for Biotechnology and Ghent University Center for Medical Biotechnology are saying that antibodies from a llama named Winter have blunted the coronavirus infections in lab testing. The technology wouldn´t be used to replace vaccines but rather to add to them, helping to protect people with weaker immune systems and those hospitalized by the virus. Llamas have a particular kind of antibody called heavy chain antibody, and they´re much simpler than the ones that humans have. Due to this, scientists can easily take a little snippet of the protein and glue it to other proteins. Early studies showed effectiveness against several variants of the disease, including the highly infectious delta variant.
The situation is bad on the border between Poland and Belarus. Many people want to leave Belarus. They have no jobs. They have nothing to eat. They come to the border with Poland. Polish soldiers stop them. People sleep in tents. It is very cold at night. Several people die. German activists help the people. They give them food and water. Then, Belarusian soldiers come. Some people say that the soldiers take their phones. Alexander Lukashenko is the president of Belarus. The European Union says that he wants to make it less powerful . Lukashenko says that it is not true.	Thousands of people are trying to escape Belarus, and the situation is getting worse on the border between Poland and Belarus. Many migrants want to leave Belarus because they have no work and nothing to eat. They went to the border last week, but Polish soldiers stopped them. Then, Belarusian soldiers wanted the situation under control and stopped the migrants from leaving the country. Some people said that soldiers took their phones. Several people also died because they slept in tents, and it was too cold at night. The EU said that the Belarusian president Alexander Lukashenko wanted to make the EU look less powerful , but Lukashenko said that it was not true.	Drone footage captured the growing problems on the Poland-Belarus border after a political stand-off led to a worsening situation. Poland is blocking hundreds of migrants from entering at the Belarus border, and the Polish government sent extra soldiers and warned of a possible armed conflict. Up to 4,000 people gathered at the country´s eastern border, and it was said that Belarusian soldiers took migrants’ mobile phones, and they were controlling the people. Many migrants are running from war, starvation, and persecution across the Middle East and Asia. Several people have died as overnight temperatures regularly fall below zero. According to an EU spokesperson, the conflict is a continuation of the desperate attempt by Alexander Lukashenko‘s government to use people as hostages to destabilize the EU and its values. However, Belarus´s leader denied creating this problem.
In the Philippines, there is a volcano. It erupts 47 times. It can move land. It can make the air difficult to breathe. Recently, there are smoke and ash coming out of this volcano. The country alerts people. It says that a big eruption can happen. The volcano erupts. Very hot lava flies out of the volcano. It flies 700 metres into the air. Over 40,000 villagers evacuate .	In the Philippines, smoke and ash were coming out from a volcano. The government alerted people that a large eruption would happen. Once the volcano erupted, lava spewed out and reached up over 700 metres. Over 40,000 villagers had to evacuate. One woman said that she looked out at the volcano, and saw thick smoke coming down. People were shouting and looking for their children to be able to evacuate. The volcano has erupted 47 times, caused deadly landslides and ash falls .	In the Philippines, there were billows of smoke and ash coming out from Mount Mayon, so the country issued a level four alert, which meant that a moderate eruption would happen.  Once the volcano erupted, red-hot lava spewed out and reached up past 700 metres. Over 40,000 villagers evacuated to shelters . One woman said that she heard people screaming and she looked out at the volcano, where she saw thick smoke coming down. She said that everyone was shouting and looking for their children to be able to evacuate. The volcano has erupted 47 times and caused deadly mud flows and ash falls .
China changes one of the laws . This law says that married people can have three children. It is a change from two children to three children. This is because the statistics show that the Chinese population grows very slowly. This change in the child law happens before. In 2016, China’s law says that people can have two children. This is a change from one child to two children. It is very expensive to live in a city in China. Many people do not want to have families, The newest law says that it will help parents more.	China changed its law to let married people have three children instead of two. This was because of a dramatic fall in births. The census showed that the Chinese population grew at its slowest rate since the 1950s. There was an online poll about the three-child law, and it asked if people thought they were ready for three children. Many people said they were not ready, and others said that they were ready or waiting. In 2016, China ended its one-child law, so that married people could have two children. The high costs in cities stopped some people from wanting to start families. Now, the government also wants to help parents more.	China changed its policy to allow married couples to have three children instead of the limit of two. This was due to a dramatic  decline in births; the census showed the Chinese population grew at its slowest rate during the last decade since the 1950s. There was a hashtag about the three-child policy with a poll about if people thought they were ready to have three children. 29,000 of 31,000 people said they were not ready, and others said they were ready or thinking about it. People interviewed about the policy also showed unsure feelings. One woman said that it was expensive to buy a house and pay for education, so it might be too expensive to have more children. In 2016, China stopped its one-child policy so that couples could have two children. The cost of raising children in cities has stopped people from wanting to start families. Now, the government also wants to support parents more.
A Spanish judge wants to start a trial with Shakira. Shakira is a Colombian pop star singer. Her husband is a FC Barcelona player. They have two children together. Everyone who lives in Spain more than 183 days in a year must pay taxes there. The judge says that Shakira lives in Spain for more than 200 days. It happens in the years 2012, 2013, and 2014. The singer must pay 17 million dollars in taxes. Shakira´s lawyer says that Shakira officially lives in the Bahamas. The judge has other evidence . Shakira and her financial advisor send Shakira´s money to tax havens. A tax haven is a country with low taxes. Companies also put money there. They pay lower taxes than in their own countries.	Colombian pop star Shakira could go to court. A Spanish lawyer said that the singer avoided paying taxes in Spain between 2012 and 2014. According to Spanish law, anyone who lives in the country for more than 183 days in a year, must pay taxes in Spain. The lawyer said that Shakira lived in Spain for more than 200 days in each of the three years. The judge also said that the singer and her financial advisor tried to hide where Shakira´s money came from. They used several companies in tax havens and sent Shakira´s money there. Shakira´s lawyer said that the singer lived in the Bahamas, but Spanish media said that she lived near Barcelona. Shakira´s husband is a FC Barcelona player Gerard Pique, and they have two children together.	Colombian pop star Shakira could stand a trial for alleged  tax evasion of 17 million dollars in Spain. According to a judge at a court near Barcelona, Spain, there is sufficient evidence to hold a trial for Shakira´s alleged tax evasion between the years 2012 and 2014. The Spanish tax law says that anyone who lives in Spain for at least 183 days is liable to pay taxes in Spain. Apparently, Shakira lived in Spain for more than 200 days in each of those three years, making her liable to pay taxes in the country. The judge said that the singer and her financial advisor used a series of companies in offshore tax havens to attempt to hide the sources of her money during those three years. Shakira´s lawyers argued over the meaning of ´main residence´, saying that her main residence was in the Bahamas. According to Spanish media, Shakira´s home is in the Barcelona area, with her longtime partner, FC Barcelona football defender Gerard Pique, with whom she has two children.
Bitcoin is digital money. One person can send bitcoin to another person via the Internet. Miners check the transactions. A transaction is when you send or get money. The miners get bitcoins for their work. People can have only 21 million bitcoins. More bitcoins cannot exist. Bitcoin starts in 2008. Satoshi Nakamoto starts bitcoin. Everybody can mine bitcoin at the beginning. You only need a computer. If you want to mine bitcoin today, you need a lot of computers in one place. This place has a special name. It is a mining farm. These farms need a lot of electricity and a good cooling system. One big farm is in Russia. Low temperatures help to cool the system. This big farm can mine six bitcoins every day.	Bitcoin is a digital currency without a central bank. Bitcoin can be sent from user to user via the Internet. Transactions are verified by miners who get bitcoin for their work. Transactions are when people send money or get money. There will be only 21 million bitcoins, and there will never be more. The price of bitcoin usually goes up, but, of course, it can also go down. These ups and downs can be very big and can happen very fast. When bitcoin was created in 2008 by Satoshi Nakamoto, everybody could mine bitcoin. All you needed was a computer and special software. If you want to mine bitcoin today, you need more than one computer. You need many computers. That’s why people create networks of computers to mine bitcoin. Such networks are called mining farms. These farms need a lot of electricity and a good cooling system. One such farm was built is Russia where low temperatures help to cool the system. This big farm can mine six bitcoins a day.	Bitcoin is a digital currency without a central bank or one administrator. Bitcoin can be sent from user to user via the Internet. Transactions are verified by miners who get bitcoin as a reward for the mining. There will be only 21 million bitcoins, and there will never be more. The price of bitcoin goes up over time but its value can be very volatile at times. It can go up very quickly, but it can go down even faster. When bitcoin was invented in 2008 by Satoshi Nakamoto, everybody could mine bitcoin. All you needed was a computer and special software. If you want to mine bitcoins today, you need more than just one computer. You need many of them. That’s why people create networks of computers to mine bitcoin. Such networks are called mining farms. These farms need a lot of electricity and a good cooling system. One such farm was built is Russia where low temperatures help to cool the system. This big farm can mine up to six bitcoins a day on average .
Abraham Poincheval is an artist. He is French. His performances are special. They are very difficult, too. Poincheval spends a week inside a rock. There is a space inside the rock. There are holes for air. He drinks water. He also eats soup and dried meat.	Abraham Poincheval is a French artist who specialises in endurance performances . For example, he spent 13 days inside a hollow bear. For his latest performance, he spent a week inside a rock. There was a space for somebody in the rock, and there were holes for air. Poincheval drank water, ate soup and ate dried meat. He said that the most complicated thing was not going crazy.	Abraham Poincheval, an artist who specialises in endurance -testing performances, spent a whole week inside a boulder in an art gallery in Paris. People supplied him with water, soup and dried meat during his stunt . The 12-ton limestone had a body-shaped hole inside, large enough for a person to sit in. Air entered through holes. Poincheval said that the most complicated thing was to keep himself away from a world of hallucinations. For his previous performance, he spent 13 days inside a hollowed-out bear, and he is planning on sitting on eggs in an attempt to hatch them.
Tobi is a dog. He is from Texas. He is two years old. He only has hind legs. He walks on two legs like a human. Walking on two legs is not good for him. He needs wheels instead of his front legs. Tobi is a happy dog. A lot of people like him. They watch videos with him on the Internet. They send him 4,000 dollars for a set of wheels.	Tobi is a dog from Texas who was born only with hind legs. However, he is a very happy dog and a lot of people online like him. Tobi is two years old and walks on his hind legs and does not mind this, but it is not good for him. Walking on his hind legs compresses his spine and could make him paralysed. Luckily, people sent him almost 4,000 dollars for a set of wheels. He will use the wheels instead of his front legs. People ordered the wheels for Tobi, and he should have them in three weeks.	Two-year-old dog Tobi from Texas, who was born only with hind legs, won over the hearts of pet lovers online who donated almost 4,000 dollars for a set of wheels for him. Although his disability had no effect on his cheerful nature, his caretaker said that things would get serious with age. As he had been walking on his hind legs, his vertebrae became compressed and Tobi could become paralysed if he continued to walk like this. Luckily, the wheels are going to alleviate the pressure in his spine. People ordered the doggy wheels and they should be fitted in about three weeks. Once the merry dog is up and rolling, hopefully someone will adopt him who can keep up with him.
Last year, Rio, Brazil, hosts the Summer Olympic Games. It is six months later now, and Rio does not have enough money. The stadium has no power, the golf course is not maintained , and the water in the swimming pool is still green. Nobody wants to buy the arenas , so Rio has them. This is also expensive. The city must pay about $40 million for the Games. This is hard to do. Brazil is still in a depression . Sadly, the Games are making problems for Rio and its people.	Last year, Rio had trouble, but it successfully hosted the Summer Olympic Games. Six months later, the cost of the Games is a problem. Rio cut power to the stadium, it cannot maintain the $20-million golf course, it has not changed the pool’s colour from green, and it now owns the larger arenas , as no one wanted to buy them. The city still owes about $40 million, but Brazil is still in a depression , so it is difficult for the city to pay. It looks like the Games created problems for Rio and its people.	Despite controversy, Rio successfully hosted the Summer Olympic Games last year and was the focus of the world. Now six months later, the cost of the Games is showing. Citing unpaid bills, electric companies cut power to the stadium, the venue for the opening and closing ceremonies. Local authorities struggle to maintain the $20 million golf course. The pool is still green. No one wanted to buy the larger arenas, so the Rio government owns them. The city still owes creditors about $40 million, but as Brazil is still in a depression , the legacy of the games appears bleak . People hoped that the Games would help the lives of the people of Rio, but that opportunity seems to have been missed.
People in El Salvador celebrate a festival. It happens every year. It is quite dangerous. People throw fireballs at the festival. The festival honours a big volcanic eruption . It happened in 1922. The festival is not new. However, there are still no rules. People can get hurt.	In El Salvador, hundreds of people celebrated a dangerous annual festival. People throw fireballs at this festival, which honours a big volcanic eruption in 1922. However, another legend says that a local Christian saint fought the Devil with balls of fire. The festival is not new but there are still no rules. Authorities worry that things might get out of hand one day.	They say that you shouldn’t play with fire, but in El Salvador it seems hundreds of people have been throwing gasoline- soaked  rags at one another. They risked serious burns for an annual church festival in the town of Nejapa. The tradition honours a huge volcanic eruption in 1922. The fireball throwing is to remember the old town which the volcano destroyed. However, another legend says that the hot lava flow from the volcano was actually the local Christian Saint Geronimo fighting the Devil with balls of fire. The festival has been going for more a decade and there is still no set of rules. Authorities are quite concerned that one day things might get out of hand because of that. But for now, despite the obvious dangers, few major injuries have ever been reported.
In Botswana, there are 130,000 elephants. Botswana is the country with the most elephants in Africa. Before 2014, people can hunt elephants in Botswana. Then the country wants to protect the elephants. It bans hunting. Now, there are conflicts between people and elephants. Botswana wants to protect elephants. However, it must protect people, too. Botswana stops the ban. Now people can hunt elephants. However, they must have a licence. Botswana wants to give out up to 400 licenses a year.	Botswana is home to 130,000 elephants, which is the most of any country in Africa. In 2014, Botswana banned the hunting of elephants to help their population grow. Last Wednesday, people lifted the ban on elephant hunting, and now licensed hunters can hunt elephants again. The country plans to give out up to 400 elephant hunting licenses a year. Botswana explained why it lifted the ban. This was because there were more and more conflicts between people and elephants recently. Botswana said that it must protect its elephants and its people.	Botswana is home to 130,000 elephants, which is the most of any country in Africa. In 2014, the government banned hunting of its elephants to help their population grow. Last Wednesday, people lifted the ban on elephant hunting, turning what was once a sanctuary for African elephants into an open territory for licensed hunters. The country plans to grant as many as 400 elephant hunting licenses a year. Botswana’s government said that they lifted the ban because of increasing conflicts between elephants and humans. It says that it has to protect the elephants as well as the people.
Saudi Arabia has a king. He is King Salman. He travels to Indonesia. He stays there for 9 days. King Salman is the first Saudi king to visit Indonesia in 50 years. King Salman does not travel lightly. He brings 500 tons of things with him. Five hundred tons is as much as 200 African elephants. For example, he brings Mercedes-Benz cars and gilded furniture. King Salman also does not arrive alone. There is a group of 600 people with him. Eight hundred delegates and 25 princes come to Indonesia, too.	King Salman is the ruler of Saudi Arabia. He traveled to Indonesia for an official 9-day visit. He is the first Saudi ruler to visit Indonesia in 50 years. He does not travel lightly, and people say that he brought over 500 tons of things with him. Five hundred tons is as much as 200 African elephants. King Salman arrived to the country with an entourage of 600 people, 800 delegates , 25 princes, a few Mercedes-Benz cars, and gilded furniture.	King Salman, the ruler of Saudi Arabia, visited Indonesia, being the first Saudi ruler to visit the country in over 50 years. People said that he brought over 500 tons of stuff with him, which is the equivalent of 200 African elephants, during the nine-day trip. The king descended from his plane on one of his two elevators. He famously took the plane on a holiday in France and closed down an entire beach. An entourage of over 600 people, 800 delegates, 25 princes, a few Mercedes-Benz cars, and plenty of gilded furniture travelled with the king.
A black teenager is shot dead in Ferguson. A policeman shoots him. This policeman goes to court . The people there say that he is not guilty . This makes other people angry. Some people start to protest. They break things. They set cars and houses on fire. People are afraid there. They want to be safe. They want to protect their families and houses. They buy guns. Gun shop owners notice this.	A policeman shot dead a black teenager in the American city of Ferguson. The court found the policeman not guilty. This started riots and looting in the city. People saw the houses and businesses on fire and they were afraid. They wanted to protect themselves, so they wanted to buy guns. Gun shop owners now say that there is a sharp rise in their sales. People come in their shops with fear in their eyes and sorrow in their faces.	Gun store owners in the US city of Ferguson have reported a sharp rise in the number of people buying firearms. “I see hundreds of people coming in with fear in their eyes and sorrow in their face. I have people that are spending their savings account to buy a firearm to defend themselves.” It stems from the fatal shooting of black teenager Michael Brown by police earlier this year. “In August, when the initial  riots started, gun sales went through the roof . They rose exponentially . We were selling a lot of firearms back then. It kind of tapered off in September, then in October, sales normally pick up in the fall, so we had a busier than normal October.” Yesterday a grand jury decided not to indict police officer Darren Wilson over the shooting of the 18-year-old. Tensions have been high in the city ever since the summer. “When their backyard is on fire, then they run out and buy a fire extinguisher, so when the people literally saw businesses burning in Ferguson, and looting happening in Ferguson, the people in that surrounding area were afraid that this could happen to their business or their home and they bought firearms .” Protests quickly started after the ruling was announced and overnight crowds erupted with cars and buildings set alight . Police fired tear gas to break up some protesters. “I think that people are angry. I don’t necessarily agree with some of the protesters and the things that they are doing, but you can’t judge how people are going to react to the situation. So, you could only be prepared to guard yourselves.” US President Barack Obama has joined Michael’s parents in calling for peaceful protest.
People play a football match in Santiago de Chile. This match is very important to the fans. Some fans start to riot . They break things and throw things at police. The fans and police fight. Police look for these violent fans. They will ban them from their football clubs.	Violence erupted before a football match in Santiago de Chile. The fans threw objects at police and destroyed Santiago’s National Stadium. Authorities told the football clubs to identify those responsible. The clubs will ban all identified people.	A football match got completely out of hand on Sunday when fans clashed with riot police . The violence erupted ahead of a highly anticipated game between local teams Colo Colo and Barnechea. Fans threw objects at police and ripped up a security booth as well as urinals as they rioted through Santiago’s National Stadium. Authorities have called on the clubs to identify those responsible for the violence. “We are going to act against those found responsible and especially against those detained for the acts of violence and damage that happened. Secondly, we are going to go to the courts and also the clubs, banning all access to people who are identified.” Local media has blamed a gang of hardcore Colo Colo fans for the violence.
A woman is pregnant. Her baby is 23 weeks old. That is about 6 months old. The mother does not feel well. She goes to hospital. She has preeclampsia . The baby must be born very early. The baby is not ready to leave her mother’s body. Doctors say that the baby will not live. However, the baby girl lives. She is six months old now. A nurse says that all nurses help the premature babies . The babies have to be very strong to live. The mother says that her baby is the smallest baby. She is her baby.	A woman was pregnant with her baby at 23 weeks (about 6 months) when she did not feel well. She thought that it was part of her pregnancy, but it was preeclampsia and her blood pressure was very high. The baby had to be born soon, and doctors said that the baby girl would not survive. However, the baby is alive today after six months. A nurse said that the workers help the babies as much as they can, but the babies have to be strong outside the womb . The mother says that ‘she is the smallest baby, but she’s mine’.	A woman was pregnant with her baby at 23 weeks (about 6 months) when she felt very uncomfortable. She thought that it was part of her pregnancy, but it was preeclampsia and her blood pressure was extremely high. The baby had to be born quickly, and doctors said that the baby girl would not survive. However, she survived past the first hour into six months. A nurse said that the workers did everything that they could, but it is always up to the babies to be strong outside the womb . The baby’s mother said that the nurses helped her a lot while her baby grew in the hospital. The mother said that ‘she is the smallest baby, but she’s mine’.
There is a scandal about Facebook. Companies misuse the data of about 50 million people. It happens like this. People take a Facebook quiz. Facebook takes data about the person and all of that person’s friends. The company that makes the quiz says that the data is for science. However, the company uses the data differently. People say that the company uses it in the Trump campaign in the USA. The company makes ads and fake news . About 2.2 billion people are on Facebook. However, some people are leaving it now. They do not feel that their data is safe.	A Facebook scandal hit last week when people revealed that a company called Cambridge Analytica collected data of about 50 million Facebook users. If you took a quiz on Facebook, the company collected data about you and all of your friends. The data was supposed to be used only for academic purposes , but people say that the Trump campaign used it to make ads and fake news. Facebook connects 2.2 billion users across the world, which means that no other company has so many people. However, people now are thinking about leaving Facebook because of this scandal.	People are deleting their Facebook accounts following a privacy scandal which hit last week when it was revealed that British consultants from Cambridge Analytica collected data of about 50 million Facebook users. If you took a quiz on Facebook, the quiz collected data about you and all of your friends. The data, which was supposed to be used for academic purposes, allegedly was used by the Trump campaign to create targeted ads and fake news. This practice could have greatly influenced the results of the American presidential election as well as other world elections. Facebook connects 2.2 billion users across the world, which no other company has been able to do, but some users no longer see Facebook as being secure and are considering deleting their accounts. Furthermore, since the report came out on last Monday, Facebook stock took a big hit and suffered a 9% decline .
A cable car crash happens in Italy on Sunday. The cable car goes from the town of Stresa near Lake Maggiore. It travels up to a mountain. The mountain is 1,400 meters high. The way is 20 minutes long. A cable breaks just before the end of the way. One cabin falls down 20 meters. It rolls down the hill. Trees stop the cabin. 14 people die. A helicopter takes two children to hospital. Officials must find out what happens. The cable car opens again not long ago. People check it. Everything seems fine. Nobody knows why the cable breaks.	A terrible cable car crash happened in Italy on Sunday. Tourists and local people traveled by the cable car from the town of Stresa to the top of Mottarone Mountain. Just before the end of their 20-minute journey, a cable suddenly broke. The cabin fell 20 meters to the ground, and rolled down a steep slope . Then, trees stopped it. 14 people died in the accident and two children ended up in hospital. Local authorities started to investigate what happened. The cable car opened again recently after a break from COVID, but operators checked the car. They planned to change the cable in 2029.	14 people died and two were seriously injured in an Italian cable car crash on Sunday. According to local officials and rescuers, the cable car linking Italy´s Lake Maggiore with a nearby mountain in the Alps plunged 20 meters to the ground, and it rolled several times down the steep slopes before it was stopped by trees. Apparently, when the gondola neared the end of its 20-minute journey, a cable snapped , and an emergency brake failed. The cable car carried tourists and local people from the resort town of Stresa almost 1,400 meters above sea level to the top of Mottarone Mountain. The victims included foreign nationals and two children were transported by helicopter to a hospital in the nearby city of Turin. The Stresa-Mottarone lift had only recently reopened; however, maintenance and checks had happened regularly, and the cables weren´t due to be replaced until 2029.
This news is from southern Chile. Something bad happens there. The seawater turns red. People call this “red tide”. It makes the seafood toxic . People are not sure why this happens. It can be El Nino. Some people say that it is because of salmon farming. The government says that this is not the reason . Fishing is very important in southern Chile. The fishermen there are in trouble. They protest. They ask the government for help.	The “red tide” is a great environmental crisis . In southern Chile, it is a phenomenon , which turns sea water red and makes seafood toxic. El Nino is probably one of the reasons. El Nino warms the ocean and creates conditions which are right for the deadly algal bloom . The “red tide” paralysed the local fishing industry, which is very important in the area. The situation made the fishermen protest. They said that the government is not doing enough to help them. Some say that the local salmon farming industry created the situation. The government and the salmon producers say that this is not true.	It’s believed to be one of the Chile’s worst environmental crises in recent years. This is the horrifying effect of a “red tide”, an outbreak of a deadly algal  bloom . It’s a naturally recurring phenomenon in southern Chile, turning sea water red and making seafood toxic, but the extent of this outbreak is unprecedented . Scientists say the El Nino weather pattern is a likely key factor, warming the ocean and creating bloom-friendly conditions. This expert says it’s been called the Godzilla el Nino in the United States because it’s thought to be one of the most intense in the last 100 years. He said we had an intense el Nino in 1982, ’97, and in 2015, but this most recent one is more intense than its predecessors . The “red tide” has paralysed the local fishing industry, an important source of income for many coastal communities, and has sparked angry protests by fishermen who say the government hasn’t provided enough compensation . Some are blaming the local salmon farming industry for exacerbating the problem, citing the dumping of dead fish by farmers in March. The government and salmon producers deny the link, but if the cause of the latest bloom is in dispute, the solution is even less obvious and environmental campaigners say the situation is not expected to get better any time soon.
There are protests in France. People protest high taxes on fossil fuels . Some protesters also want the French president to step down . Two people die in the protests. Hundreds of people are injured. This weekend, there are 3,000 police officers in Paris. They are there because of the protesters.	Demonstrations started in France last weekend, continued through the week and this weekend. Two people died and hundreds were injured. The protests are over rising taxes on fossil fuels . The French President Emmanuel Macron says that the taxes are needed to reduce the country’s dependency on fossil fuels. Some protesters are also anti-government and they want Macron to step down. Around 3,000 police officers were ready for the protesters in Paris this weekend. The protests turned violent , and police used tear gas and a water cannon against the protesters.	Last week one of the demonstrations in France killed two people and hundreds were injured. Last weekend, the grass-roots movement drew the support of 250,000 people across France. The protests are over rising fuel taxes, but the country’s President Emmanuel Macron says that tax rises are needed to reduce the country’s fossil-fuel dependency . Some protesters and many of the anti-government ‘yellow vests’ are also seeking the removal of Emmanuel Macron. The government deployed around 3,000 security personnel in Paris to keep order this weekend. The riot police used tear gas and a water cannon against protesters on the Champs-Elysees after they turned violent.
A whale gets caught in a fishing net. This happens in Queensland, Australia. The whale is in shallow water. It cannot move. People help the whale. They cut the net. The whale is free. The tide rises . The whale swims away. It is OK.	A 12-metre whale got caught in a fishing net off Queensland, Australia. It was also stranded in shallow water. Rescue workers cut the net, and the whale was able to swim free with the help of a rising tide . It was not injured.	Animal rescue workers in Australia freed a humpback whale after it got stranded in shallow water. The 12-metre whale was caught in a fishing net off Queensland, Australia on Tuesday. Once people cut the net, the whale was able to swim free with the help of the rising tide. Scratches aside, the whale was not injured by the stressful experience. Big whales like this one are frequent visitors to Queensland’s Moreton Bay.
There are explosions on the sun. These explosions send particles into space. These particles move towards the earth . The particles enter the atmosphere . They hit the air. When they hit the air, they make light. These lights are the Northern Lights. You can see the Northern Lights in Scandinavia, Greenland, Alaska, Canada and Russia. Sometimes, you can see them in other places, too. People in Minnesota can see them.	Normally, the Northern Lights can be seen in Scandinavia, Greenland, Alaska, Canada and Russia. Sometimes, they travel as far south as places like Minnesota, which happened recently. How do the Northern Lights happen? Sometimes, there are explosions on the surface of the sun. Large amounts of charged particles are thrown into space. Sometimes, they travel towards Earth. Earth’s magnetic field guides the particles towards the polar regions. As the particles come down, they enter the atmosphere. The particles hit gasses in the atmosphere, and they release energy. This energy can be seen as the Northern Lights.	The aurora borealis, also known as the Northern Lights. Residents in Minnesota in the US were able to see the light show shimmering in green and yellow. But how does it all happen? The British Geological Survey says, occasionally, there are large explosions on the surface of the sun where huge amounts of charged particles are thrown out into space. These particles sometimes travel towards Earth, where they are captured by its magnetic field and guided towards the geomagnetic polar regions. On their way down, these particles are slowed down by Earth’s atmosphere, which acts as a shield. The charged particles collide with gas molecules in the atmosphere and the energy released is given off as light which can be seen in the aurora. Under normal conditions, the northern oval lights cover Scandinavia, Greenland, Alaska, Canada and Russia and occasionally travel as far south as places like Minnesota.
People build a bridge in China. The bridge has a glass bottom. It hangs 300 metres above the ground. People want to test the bridge. They hit the glass with sledgehammers . An Israeli architect is behind this project. He says that the bridge is the largest glass bridge in the world.	In China, people erected a bridge with a glass bottom and invited other people to hit it with sledgehammers to test its strength. This really took some courage because the bridge is 300 metres above the ground. However, these people were harnessed to the side of the bridge. An Israeli architect is behind this project and he says that this bridge is the largest glass bridge in the world.	In China, people erected a glass bridge that may not be for the faint-hearted but others take the risk and tried to crack the glass with sledgehammers. Being suspended at a whopping 300 metres above the ground, that definitely takes some guts . People harnessed the courageous volunteers to the side of the bridge as a precaution , but none of them managed to break through the glass. Just to drive the point home , a 15-tonne SUV then drove over the glass. Israeli Haim Dotan, the chief architect behind the project, claims that the bridge is the largest of its kind in the world.
Dario Gambarin is from Italy. He is a land artist. He draws pictures in the fields. He uses his tractor. He draws Vladimir Putin, Nelson Mandela, and Pope Francis. He is very experienced . He does not need to measure the field before drawing. His most recent picture is of Kim Jong-un. There are also two rockets in the picture. There is also the word ‘DANGER’.	Dario Gambarin is an experienced Italian land artist. Using his tractor, he can draw pictures in the field. He is so experienced now, that he does not even measure the field before he draws. He previously drew Vladimir Putin, Nelson Mandela, and Pope Francis. His most recent picture is of Kim Jong-un. He also drew two rockets and the word ‘DANGER’ in the field.	Those flying near Verona in Italy were in for a surprise, as they could see the face of the North Korean leader Kim Jong-un drawn into a two- hectare field, along with two rockets and the word ‘DANGER’. Experienced land artist Dario Gambarin drew this picture using his tractor. He is so skilled that he does not even measure his field before he draws. He has previously drawn persons such as Vladimir Putin, Nelson Mandela, and Pope Francis.
A ferry is in a harbour in Barcelona, Spain. It crashes into a crane . This starts a fire. The ferry driver says that the weather is bad. This is why the ferry crashes. Four hundred and fourteen people are on the ferry. No one is hurt.	In Barcelona Spain, a ferry started a fire after it crashed into a crane . The ferry operator said that “strongly adverse weather conditions” made it difficult to control the boat. Four hundred and fourteen people were on the ferry. Luckily, none of them were hurt.	In Barcelona, Spain, a ferry sparked a fire when it crashed into a crane. The ferry operator blamed “strongly adverse weather conditions” for the crash. Four hundred and fourteen people were on board the ferry; fortunately, none were hurt.
Many people are in prisons in Sri Lanka. The coronavirus is starting to move fast there. Prisoners get angry. Problems start in a prison near the capital of Colombo. The guards try to make prisoners calm. The situation gets very serious. Hundreds of police come to help. They kill eight prisoners. 50 people are hurt. Prisoners are not happy with how officials solve the problem with the coronavirus. It is necessary to test more people. There is not enough room for sick prisoners. They need to stay away from healthy prisoners. It does not always happen.	In Sri Lanka, prisoners were not happy with the way that authorities handled the coronavirus, and they started to protest. In the Mahara prison near the capital of Colombo, the situation got out of control. Sri Lankan prisons were very crowded and the number of new cases of the coronavirus started to go up. Prisoners wanted more tests, and they also wanted more rooms for infected prisoners. The guards tried to calm the prisoners, but authorities needed to send hundreds of police officers to help the guards. Officials said that eight prisoners died and more than 50 prisoners ended up in hospital seriously hurt.	According to officials, at least eight prisoners were killed and more than 50 injured in clashes with guards at the Sri Lankan Mahara prison, 16 kilometers north of the capital of Colombo. A riot broke out during the night on Monday when authorities tried to quell a protest over rising coronavirus infections in the country´s crowded prisons. Inmates demanded more extensive coronavirus testing and new isolation facilities for infected prisoners. Authorities sent out hundreds of additional police to help the guards and to strengthen security at the prison. According to the director of the hospital where most of the wounded prisoners were treated, most of the prisoners were in a critical condition.
This news is about a law . This law is in India. It makes sex between two women or between two men illegal . Now the law stops. The Supreme Court stops it. Some people celebrate outside the court.	A law in India made homosexual sex illegal. However, the Supreme Court there abolished the law last Thursday, and the court said that the law violated human rights . People came together outside the court and celebrated. One person said that gay people were free in front of the law. Another person said that this would open the doors for more civil rights.	A colonial-era law in India held that homosexual acts were against the order of nature . Last Friday, the Supreme Court ruled to abolish the law, saying that discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation violated human rights. Many opponents of the former law gathered to celebrate outside the court. One of them said that gay people were finally free to be who they are in front of the law, which is all that they wanted. Media approached another person who said that this would open the doors for more civil rights .
Friends is a US sitcom . It is popular all over the world. It is about six friends. They live in New York. The sitcom has 10 seasons . The last season ends in 2004. Friends fans want more seasons. HBO plans a Friends reunion . Fans are very happy. The Friends reunion is on HBO Max last week. The six actors meet after many years. They talk together. They speak about some funny moments. David Schwimmer and Jennifer Aniston play Ross and Rachel in Friends. They love each other in the sitcom. They say that they love each other in real life, too. It is in the first years of the sitcom. They are never partners in real life. Both Schwimmer and Aniston already have partners at that time.	The US sitcom Friends was about a group of friends who lived in New York. Friends ended in 2004 after 10 seasons. Friends was very popular in many countries of the world, and many fans hoped that the sitcom would continue. When HBO said that there would be a Friends reunion , fans went crazy. In the Friends reunion, the actors met at the set , they talked together, and they shared many funny moments. The big surprise was when David Schwimmer and Jennifer Aniston, who played Ross and Rachel, said that they fancied each other in the first two years of the show. They both had partners at that time, so they never became partners in real life.	The release of one of the most eagerly anticipated TV reunions ever has sent fans around the world into a frenzy . The hugely popular US sitcom Friends followed a group of New Yorkers in their twenties and thirties, and it concluded in 2004 after 10 seasons. After years of rumors and anticipation, the Friends reunion became a reality when the cast gathered for a special on HBO Max, following the iconic sitcom´s 25 th anniversary. The main cast revisited the set, had surprises and shared behind-the-scenes footage; however, they appeared as themselves and they didn´t portray their original beloved characters. The Friends reunion finally revealed the truth about actors David Schwimmer and Jennifer Aniston who played Ross and Rachel. Their romantic chemistry wasn´t just for the cameras, and their mutual crushes that lasted for the first two years of the show. However, they never got together because they were already both in relationships.
A glass slide is opened on the side of a building. The building is the tallest building in LA. The slide is 305 metres above the streets. People can sit on the slide and slide on it for 14 metres. The slide finishes on the 69th floor. The glass is only 3 centimetres thick. It is very strong. It can survive a hurricane and even an earthquake .	People opened to the public a glass slide on the side of LA’s tallest building. It is fully enclosed and 305 metres above the streets. People can sit on the slide and slide on it for 14 metres to an outdoor platform on the 69th floor. The glass is only 3 centimetres thick but it can withstand a hurricane and even a powerful earthquake.	Not the best idea if you’re scared of heights! This slide on the side of LA’s tallest building has been opened to the public 1,000 feet (305 metres) above the streets. The exciting attraction clings to the outside of the U.S. Bank Tower and is part of the OUE Skyspace LA observation deck. Thrill seekers will be able to sit down and slide for 45 feet (14 metres) to an outdoor platform on the 69th floor. “I thought it was nerve-wracking and exciting and daring, and it just seemed like just so much over the top, like, why are they doing this? And I just had to do it because I am so afraid of heights and I just wanted to break that fear.” “I went a lot faster than I thought I would. And you kind of hit the side as you’re coming around the curve, so you’re really pressed up against the glass, so you see the whole world below you, but it’s not really that scary.” According to the building’s owner, Singapore-based OUE Ltd., the glass on the fully enclosed slide is only 1 1/4 inches thick (3 centimetres), but can withstand hurricane-force winds and even a powerful earthquake. Hm, we’re still not sure, but it is definitely one quick exit from the office!
Anwar Ibrahim wants to make changes in Malaysia. He goes to jail. The prime minister gets him out of jail. He asks for a royal pardon . Ibrahim speaks at a press conference . He says thank you to the Malaysian people. He says that the people want democracy and freedom. He says that he learned the importance of freedom while in jail. He wants the Malaysian people to be free. The prime minister says that he is going to quit in two years. This is so Ibrahim can take his job.	Anwar Ibrahim left jail after the prime minister asked for a royal pardon . During a press conference, the reformist icon said thank you and said that all Malaysian people support democracy and freedom. He said that the most important lesson that he learned in jail was the ‘value of freedom’, and he added that the problems in Malaysia must end so that the people can be free. The prime minister said that he will quit in two years so Ibrahim can take his position.	Anwar Ibrahim is Malaysia’s reformist icon , and police released him from jail after the prime minister asked for a royal pardon . During a press conference, Ibrahim told everyone thank you and said that all Malaysians stand ‘by the principles of democracy and freedom.’ He said that the most significant lesson that he learned in jail was the ‘value of freedom’, and he added that the problems in Malaysia must be stopped so that the people will be able to be free. The prime minister said that he will step down in two years so Ibrahim can take his position.
Here is some news from Crimea. It is about the fugu fish. This fish does not normally live in Crimea. Experts want to know why it is there. The fish is very special. It gets big when it is in danger. It looks like a balloon. Its organs are poisonous . If you eat a little, you die. People from Crimea don’t like the fish. They say that it is a danger to other animals.	Some fishermen in Crimea caught a fish which normally does not live there. It is the fugu fish. This fish blows itself up like a balloon when it is in danger. Also, its organs have a deadly poison. Eating the smallest amount will kill you. The fish is a delicacy for the Japanese who know how to eat the fish carefully, but people in Crimea are not happy about its presence. They believe that it may be a threat to life in the Black Sea. Cooks there do not want to prepare the fish, either. Scientists are still working out how the fish got to Crimea.	Fishermen in the Crimean city of Sevastopol have turned up some surprising catches recently. Fugu fish, a deadly oceanic puffer fish usually only found in the tropics , have made their way into the city’s waters. The fish fill their bodies with water or air if threatened, and their organs are filled with a poison more deadly than cyanide and so potent that just a tiny amount will kill you. So why they’re considered a delicacy in Japan is beyond me . Local fishermen hold the fugu in and raise the alarm to the authorities. Now, researchers at the Institute of Biology in the southern seas in Crimea have been tasked with working out how the puffer fish ended up there. Their current hypothesis is that the fish may have reached the northern hemisphere via the Suez Canal and infested the Mediterranean Sea for up to 10 years. Local authorities believe that the fish pose a threat to Black Sea fauna and the local population. Probably because they’re super poisonous. Funnily enough, chefs in the region aren’t exactly rushing to put the fish on the menu. I wonder why!
North Korea wants to have good nuclear  weapons . It wants to have many of them, too. The country says that it is making its nuclear weapons better. North Korea says that the USA is an enemy . North Korea says that it can use nuclear weapons against the USA.	In 2013, North Korea said that it was going to restart all of its nuclear facilities . Now, the country says that it is improving its nuclear weapons “in quality and quantity”. The country says that its main nuclear complex Yongbyon is fully operational . The reactor in Yongbyon makes plutonium for nuclear bombs. If it is working, it can make enough plutonium for one bomb every year. North Korea says that it can use the weapons against the USA at any time.	North Korea has said it is improving its nuclear weapons “in quality and quantity”. The country has said its main nuclear complex Yongbyon is fully operational, and the country is ready to face US hostility with nuclear weapons “at any time”. This comes after a declaration by the North in 2013 vowing to restart all nuclear facilities. This included Yongbyon, which was shut down in 2007 as part of a disarmament -for- aid deal. The reactor has been the source of plutonium for North Korea’s nuclear weapons programme. I’is believed that if re-started, the reactor could potentially make one bomb’s worth of plutonium per year. The director of North Korea’s Atomic Energy Institute said, “If the US and other hostile forces persistently seek their reckless hostile policy towards North Korea, and behave mischievously , they are fully ready to cope with them.”
Islamists enter a school. It is an all-girl school. The school is in Nigeria. The Islamists take the girls. The girls don’t want to go. They kidnap the girls. They move the girls to a remote area. We don’t know where they are. People want the girls back. They want the government to help. People think that the government is not doing enough. People protest. They want their government to find the girls.	Islamists entered an all-girl school in a village in Nigeria last month. They packed the girls onto trucks and they disappeared into a remote area. They kidnapped the girls. People want the girls saved, and they think that their government is not doing enough. Hundreds of protesters took to the streets last Monday. The march began at a popular bus stop and ended outside the state government house. People waved banners and chanted , “Bring back our girls!” One protester said that this was a beginning. She said that more and more people will protest. The plan is to protest every Monday.	Hundreds of protesters took to the streets in Nigeria on Monday, calling on the government to intensify its search for around 200 school girls abducted by Islamic militants three weeks ago. The crowd began its march at a popular bus stop in Lagos and later gathered outside the state government house, waving banners and chanting “bring back our girls!” They’re angry that the government has not acted quickly enough to find the girls and return them to their families. “What we are here to do is to let the government know that they should declare the identity of the kidnappers and release our daughters. This is not too much an assignment for Nigeria to do.” Islamists stormed an all-girl secondary school in the village of Chibok in Borno state on the 14th of April. They packed the teenagers who had been taking exams onto trucks and disappeared into a remote area along the border with Cameroon. One protester who was at the march said that this gathering was only the start. “Well, this is the beginning. I guess Nigerians are not used to protesting, so this is the beginning. We’ll be coming back again every Monday here. We’ll be wearing red everyday to make sure that everybody remembers the suffering that these girls are undergoing, and until the girls are back, we will continue. I think this is the first step and we will mobilise more and more people.”
Militants attack an army base . It is an Indian army base. It is in Kashmir. At least 17 soldiers die. More soldiers are injured. People set a building and tents on fire. Four militants die. The Indian Prime Minister does not like this attack.	Militants attacked an Indian army  base in Kashmir. At least 17 soldiers died and more were injured. People set a building and some tents on fire during the attack. Four attackers died. The army used helicopters to evacuate the injured soldiers from the base. Prime Minister Narendra Modi condemned the attack.	At least 17 soldiers died during an attack by militants at an Indian army base in Kashmir. Four attackers died after storming the base near the Line of Control with Pakistan. The army used helicopters to evacuate injured soldiers from the base. People set a building and several tents on fire during the attack. Prime Minister Narendra Modi condemned what he called the “cowardly terror attack”.
Cemal Senturk comes from Turkey. He has a dog. His dog´s name is Boncuk. Senturk and Boncuk are best friends. Senturk must go to hospital. An ambulance takes him there. His dog runs after the ambulance. She waits in front of the hospital. She sits there for three days. Senturk´s daughter takes the dog home. The dog returns to the hospital. Senturk´s daughter takes the dog home again. She returns to the hospital again. Boncuk leaves the hospital after six days. He meets his dog. They are both very happy. Boncuk says that a dog can be a best friend. Dogs bring joy . They make people happy.	A Turkish man named Cemal Senturk has a dog called Boncuk. Senturk and Boncuk have a very strong relationship , and they are used to being together all the time. Recently, Senturk had to go to hospital and an ambulance took him there. Boncuk followed the ambulance and stayed outside the hospital. The dog waited there for a few days, and Senturk´s daughter took her home. Then, the dog ran back to the hospital and she did it several times. After six days, doctors released Senturk from the hospital and he and his dog finally met again. It was a very happy moment for both of them. Senturk said that he missed his dog very much. He said that dogs make people happy and they could be their best friends.	Boncuk, a devoted pet, spent days waiting outside a hospital in Trabzon, Turkey, where her sick owner, Cemal Senturk, was being treated. According to local media, the dog followed the ambulance that transported Senturk to hospital and she made multiple visits to the front door. Senturk´s daughter said that the dog had been waiting at the hospital for several days, and when she took Boncuk home, the dog kept going back. After six days, Boncuk and her owner were reunited when he was discharged from hospital. Senturk confirmed that his dog was very used to him and that he missed her constantly, too. He said that dogs provided companionship just like humans, they brought joy, and made people happy.
The Black Sea is between Eastern Europe and Western Asia. Plastic waste pollutes it. Around 3 tons of plastics get into the sea every day. This is a problem. It is so bad that surfers sometimes cannot surf. Two surfers want to make things better. They start a campaign . It is called ‘WIND2WIN’. They want more people to know about this problem and help. The government can help too.	The Black Sea is located between Eastern Europe and Western Asia. Plastic waste pollutes it, and around 3 tons of the waste flow into the sea every day. The situation is so bad that surfers sometimes have to go around the plastics to surf. To change things for the better, two Bulgarian windsurfers are running a campaign. Its name is ‘WIND2WIN’, and hopefully, more people will know about this problem. Another surfer said the people need to start thinking about recycling. They need to start using reusable products, not single-use plastics. Also, the country’s government should help with the problem.	The Black Sea is located between Eastern Europe, the Caucasus and Western, Asia and it is facing serious environmental risks. A recent report claims that around 3 tons of plastic waste flow into the sea every day. Two Bulgarian windsurfers are trying to raise awareness through their campaign ‘WIND2WIN’. One of them said that there are days when people literally have to go around pieces of rubbish so that they can surf. Another surf instructor believes that prevention is key – people themselves need to start thinking about recycling and using reusable plastic products rather than single-use plastics. Furthermore, she thinks that the strategy on how to tackle this problem needs to come from above, as in the Ministry of Environment and Water.
People film a video in 2011. The people are in Costa Rica. They upload the video on YouTube recently . The video is amazing. It shows a man. He feeds a crocodile. He does not hold the fish in his hand. He holds it in his mouth.	People took a video in 2011, but they only uploaded it to YouTube recently. They filmed it in Costa Rica. It showed a dangerous moment. A man fed a crocodile with bait in his mouth.	In 2011, someone took a video in Costa Rica but uploaded it to YouTube recently. The video shows the moment a man fed a crocodile with bait in his mouth. A man on a boat filmed the video while he looked at the local wildlife .
Experts do an experiment. They show human faces to horses. They show them happy faces and angry faces. The horses can tell the difference . When they see angry faces, their heart beats faster. There is a special relationship between horses and people. If you are happy and relaxed, the horse is happy and relaxed, too. If you are angry, the horse is angry or scared.	A new experiment shows that horses can read human emotions. Experts showed the horses photographs of human faces. The experts found that horses can tell the difference between angry and happy faces. They put heart monitors on the horses. The heart monitors showed that the heart rates of the horses rose a lot when they saw an angry face. Riders at a horse club in London said that there is a special relationship between humans and horses. If you’re happy and relaxed, the horse will also be happy and relaxed and it will help you. If you are angry, the horse will be angry or scared.	In new research, scientists showed horses photographs of human faces, and they discovered that horses can distinguish between angry and happy faces and react accordingly . The scientists fitted the horses with heart monitors which revealed that angry faces cause their heart rates to rise significantly . Riders from a club in London also say that there is a special relationship between humans and horses. If you approach a horse and you are happy and relaxed, then the horse will be relaxed, too, and will help you. When you are not having a great day, the horse can make you feel much better. The riders also said that the horses make people aware of their own emotions because they react to them.
There is an app for Muslims. People launch it in 2016. It finds mosques and centres to pray . It is for Muslim travellers. The co-founder says that it ‘puts Islam in your pocket’.	There is an app for Muslims that launched in 2016 to find mosques and centres to pray at in just a tap. The app aims at Muslim travellers on holiday or on hajj pilgrimages . The co-founder said that it ‘puts the religion in your pocket’.	The Islamic GPS app, which launched in 2016, finds mosques and centres to pray at in just a tap. It aims at Muslim travellers on holiday or on hajj pilgrimages , and the co-founder of Muslamic Makers said that it is basically like having the religion in your pocket .
It is very hot in South Korea. It is 35 degrees Celsius. Animals at one zoo are hot. The zookeepers freeze their food. They give them the food in ice. Elephants have big blocks of ice with fruit. They also eat iced watermelons. After they have lunch, they have a cold shower. The tigers eat frozen meat. People like watching the animals eat the iced food.	Temperatures reached 35 degrees Celsius last week at Seoul Grand Park Zoo. The animals were hot, so zookeepers give them iced food to cool down. Elephants tucked into big blocks of fruit and iced watermelons. After having their ice lunch, they also cooled off in a cold shower. Siberian tigers were even fed with iced beef liver . Lemurs entertained the zoo visitors as they ate their frozen food. Watching animals eating the ice fruit to cool down has become one of the zoo’s most popular attractions.	As summer heat hits the country, animals in a South Korean zoo managed to stay cool with iced food and cold showers. With temperatures reaching 35 degrees Celsius this week at Seoul Grand Park Zoo, elephants tucked  into  huge ice blocks with various fruits and iced watermelons thrown into their pool. After enjoying their iced lunch, elephants also cooled off with showers and dips in the pool to get relief from the summer heat. Siberian tigers were even fed with iced beef liver. Ring-tailed lemurs struggled to get into their frozen fruit, entertaining onlookers. And orangutans had fun with blocks of frozen fruit hanging off their play facilities. Watching animals eating the ice fruit to cool down has become one of the zoo’s most popular attractions, as well as helping the residents fight off the constant heat.
During World War II, Nazis sent messages to each other. They encoded these messages. Britain wanted to break the code. Alan Turing was successful. He broke the code. Now his notebook goes on auction . It goes on auction in New York in April. The notebook is full of interesting information. People make a movie about Alan Turing. It is about his work and life. Alan Turing was a homosexual – he did not like women, he liked men. This was a crime in Britain. Alan Turing killed himself in 1954.	During World War II, Nazis sent secret encoded messages to each other. They used the encoding Enigma machine to do so. The enemies of the Nazis wanted to break the code. Alan Turing helped to break the code. He is also the father of computing. His notebook from 1942 is going on auction in New York in April. It must be full of amazing information! People made a film about Alan Turing recently. It shows how people treated him during his life – he never received credit for his work and police charged him with homosexuality which was then a crime. He killed himself in 1954.	Alan Turing helped to crack the Nazi Enigma code during the Second World War, so imagine the maths and computer science gems hidden within these pages! This is a 56-page notebook written by Turing in 1942. And in April, it’s being auctioned in New York. This week, it was previewed in Hong Kong. “The manuscript is the most extensive known manuscript done by Alan Turing, who’s known as the father of computing. He’s also the man who broke the Nazi Enigma code during World War II. There are no other manuscripts by him in private hands. There’s never been one to sell at market. It’s almost 100% sure that there will not be another one.” Also being sold is a three-rotor Enigma enciphering machine, the same model Turing helped to break. “It’s an original World War II German Enigma machine, so it is the enciphering machine that the Nazis used to encode secret messages to send to each other, you know, describing which U-boat to bomb for example… And it is this very machine, not this specific one, but this model, that Alan Turing was working to break the code for.” Alan Turing was recently played by Benedict Cumberbatch in “The Imitation Game,” a film that reflected the way he was treated during his life. He never received credit for his work during the war and committed suicide in 1954. At the time, he was receiving hormone treatment after being charged with homosexuality, which was then a crime. He was eventually pardoned sixty years later. The notebook being sold in New York was actually left to his friend Robin Gandhi. He kept it hidden until his death in 1995.
There is a blonde woman on a plane. She sits next to a lawyer. The lawyer asks the blonde woman if she wants to play a game of questions with him. The blonde doesn’t want to play, so the lawyer says to her, “If I can’t answer your question, I will give you 50 dollars. If you can’t answer my question, you will give me 5 dollars.” The lawyer thinks that he cannot lose and after some time the blonde woman says, “Yes”. The lawyer asks first, “What is the distance between our planet and the nearest star?” With no word, the blonde gives him 5 dollars. Then the blonde woman asks, “What goes up a hill with 3 legs and comes back down the hill with 4 legs?” The lawyer doesn’t know. He thinks for 5 hours, he uses his laptop, he calls his friends, he thinks and thinks, but in the end he doesn’t know and he pays the woman 50 dollars. The blonde woman takes the 50 dollars with no word, but the lawyer wants to know, “What is the answer to your question?” With no word, the blonde gives him 5 dollars.  www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.	There is a blonde woman who sits next to a lawyer on a plane. The lawyer asks the blonde if she wants to play a game of intelligence with him. The blonde doesn’t want to play, so the lawyer says to her, “If I can’t answer your question, I will give you 50 dollars. If you can’t answer my question, you will give me 5 dollars.” The lawyer thinks that he cannot lose and the blonde woman finally accepts his offer. The lawyer asks first, “What is the distance between the Earth and the nearest star?” Without a word the blonde gives him 5 dollars. Then the blonde asks, “What goes up a hill with 3 legs and comes back down the hill with 4 legs?” The lawyer is confused. He thinks for 5 hours, he uses his laptop, he calls his friends, he is unhappy, he is angry, but in the end he doesn’t know and he pays the blonde 50 dollars. The blonde puts the 50 dollars into her pocket without a word, but the lawyer wants to know, “What is the answer to your question?” Without a word, the blonde gives him 5 dollars.  www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.	There is a blonde woman who sits next to a lawyer on a plane. The lawyer keeps asking the blonde to play a game of intelligence with him. The blonde doesn’t want to play, so the lawyer says to her, “If I can’t answer your question, I will give you 50 dollars. If you can’t answer my question, you will give me 5 dollars.” The lawyer thinks he cannot lose and the blonde finally accepts his offer. The lawyer asks first, “What is the distance between the Earth and the nearest star?” Without saying a word the blonde gives him 5 dollars. Then the blonde asks, “What goes up a hill with 3 legs and comes back down the hill with 4 legs?” The lawyer is confused. He takes several hours, he looks up everything on his laptop, calls his friends but finally, angry and frustrated, he gives up and pays the blonde 50 dollars. The blonde puts the 50 dollars into her purse without saying a word, but the lawyer keeps asking, “What is the answer to your question?” Without saying a word, the blonde gives him 5 dollars.  www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.
Ten thousand people come to a city. The city is in China. People come to a festival. It is a kite festival. The festival lasts eight days. People fly their kites. Some kites are strange . The city is famous for the festival. The festival started in 1984. It happens every year. People from 40 countries visit it.	Teams from over 40 countries came to a Chinese city. They attended the 31 st International Kite Festival. It is an eight-day festival and around 10,000 people came this time. Weird and wonderful shapes of kites could be seen. The city is known as the kite capitol of the world. It is also considered to be the birthplace of kites. The festival started in 1984 and it takes place every year.	Weird and wonderful shapes over China’s Shandong Province, as thousands of kites took to the skies for the 31 st International Kite Festival. Teams from over 40 countries descended on the city of Weifang for the eight-day festival which saw around 10,000 people showing off their unusual designs. Known as the kite capitol of the world, Weifang is considered to be the birthplace of kites with the festival being held there every year since 1984.
This news is about a bullock . It is from Perth in Australia. It is very big. It is 2 metres tall. It weighs 1.4 tonnes. Its name is Knickers. It is too big for the slaughterhouse . It will continue to live.	A massive bullock in Australia escaped the slaughterhouse thanks to its great size. It is almost 2 metres tall and weighs 1.4 tonnes. Its name is Knickers and it will live out its days in Perth, Australia.	A massive steer towers among its regular counterparts , being almost 2 metres tall and weighing a whopping 1.4 tonnes. Thanks to its size, the enormous animal named Knickers escaped the slaughterhouse because it is simply too big. It will live out its days in the paddocks of Lake Preston in Perth, Australia.
Shootings happen. They happen at schools. In the USA, there are many of them. An Israeli company sees this. The company thinks it can help. It designs a special backpack. It looks like a normal backpack. It has a bulletproof vest inside. You pull two straps , and you are wearing the vest. It takes only one or two seconds. The company’s name is Masada-Armour. The vest costs 500 US dollars.	Masada-Armour is a company from Israel, and its team saw all of the school shootings and created protection for children. It designed a school backpack which has a bulletproof vest inside. All it takes is a tug and you are wearing the vest. It literally takes only a second or two. The standard protection can stop all bullets from handguns. Extra protection can also stop M16s and AK47s, for example. The backpack weighs just 3 kilograms and is available for 500 US dollars.	An Israeli company has designed a school bag that transforms into a bulletproof vest. Seeing the incidents in the USA and in the world, the co-owner said that he thought about a solution that would combine a backpack with ballistic protection for the wearer. The backpack looks normal and functions as one, but inside there is a bullet-proof vest. All it takes is a tug to pull the vest on. The standard protection can stop all bullets from handguns and with an extra hard plate, the back-vest can stop rifle, M16 and AK47s. The backpack by Masada-Armour weighs just 3 kilograms and is available for 500 US dollars.
People love to travel. Some places are full of tourists all year. This is bad for nature. Tourists sometimes kill special plants. They leave a lot of trash on beaches. The coronavirus changes everything. People cannot travel. Many tourist destinations are empty now. It is bad for business. Guests are not in hotels and restaurants. Local people lose their jobs. But there is a positive change, too. Nature is cleaner. Fish and other animals return to waters. Turtles lay eggs on the empty beaches. Nature is recovering from mass tourism . Some countries want to stop mass tourism. They see that it is bad for nature.	Before the coronavirus pandemic, many tourist destinations were full of tourists, which had a big impact on nature. Tourists left a lot of trash behind, and they affected wildlife. The coronavirus made it very difficult to travel, and it was bad for local businesses. But there was a positive impact of the coronavirus, too. In Thailand, the beaches were much cleaner than before the pandemic. Some fish returned to Thai waters, and turtles laid eggs on beaches that were usually full of tourists. The Thai government said that the country would close all its national parks for three months every year. The government wants to help nature recover from tourism.	COVID-19 helped nature recover from the tourism industry when a plunge in visitors allowed nature to curb environmental damage at overrun hot spots. Some countries do not want to go back to the destruction of mass tourism, and they want to make the tourism industry more sustainable. The Thai Environment Ministry has declared that all national parks in Thailand will close for three months every year, starting in 2021. Since Thailand banned overseas visitors, more killer whales have been spotted in Thai waters. Rare turtles have been laying eggs on beaches that are normally packed with sunbathers. However, many businesses in hot spots like Phuket are being badly affected by re-opening delays. Travel and tourism made up about 12% of Southeast Asia’s GDP and 13% of jobs in 2019
This news is about an old woman. She is from China. She is 81 years old. Her son lives in Australia, and she wants to visit him. The woman gets on a plane. This is the first time she flies. In Australia, the granny  discovers skydiving. She wants to do it! She trains for a week and then jumps. She says that it is great. The granny loves to have fun. She wants to  make her dreams come true . Her age cannot stop her.	An 81-year-old Chinese woman wanted to see her son, so she flew to Australia to visit him. It was her first journey on a plane. In Australia, she discovered skydiving lessons on an offer for tourists. The granny told her son that she wanted to do skydiving. After a week of training and passing all the health checks , the brave old woman skydived. She said that it was amazing and wonderful. The grandma is a fun-loving person. She says that old age won’t stop her from pursuing her dreams .	Could she be the coolest granny of all time? Well, she’s pretty high up there, as this 81 year-old became an Internet hit after she went skydiving in Australia. Yes, that right. Min Deyu from China went to visit her son and relatives in Australia last month where she discovered skydiving lessons on offer for tourists and decided to give it a go . “I saw people skydiving. I watched them descending slowly and they looked so small in the sky. I told my son that I wanted to do skydiving. My son asked me, ‘Do you dare to jump?’. I said I did, and he said he would take me next week.” After a week of training and passing all the health checks, Min performed the dive and described the experience as amazing and wonderful. The fun-loving grandma had never travelled by plane before visiting her family and has now said that ageing won’t stop her from pursuing her dreams .
There is a concert in Colombia. It is near Venezuela. The concert is for the Venzeulean people. The singers want to help the people. They want to bring food and clothing to Venezuela. People there do not have easy lives. This is the reason why some people do not like the Venezuelan government . They fight in the streets. Thousands of people go to the concert. People think that there are 250,000 people at the concert. 30 Latin American singers sing at the concert. They want to get 100 million dollars for people in Venezuela.	Richard Branson is hosting a concert in a Colombian border town to support people in Venezuela. People hope that soon it will be possible to get food and clothing into Venezuela so that the people’s lives there are not so difficult. The regime in Venezuela is pushing strongly against protesters and there is violence in the streets. Thousands of people crossed the border to go to the concert. People expect there will be 250,000 people at the concert. Over 30 famous Latin American singers will be there, and they hope to get 100 million dollars for the Venezuelan people.	Richard Branson is hosting a concert in a Colombian border town to support people in Venezuela. People hope that soon it will be possible to get supplies there so that people are not suffering so much. The Venezuela regime is pushing strongly against protesters, which has led to violent clashes. Despite the violence, thousands crossed the border to attend the concert. People expect that a total of 250,000 people will attend. Over 30 renowned Latin American artists are performing at the event. They hope to raise an ambitious 100 million dollars.
There is an air show near Moscow, Russia. Two people are flying in a small plane. They perform tricks. They perform a swooping arc . The plane’s wings suddenly hit the ground. The plane crashes. The two people die. The crash is close to the spectators . However, none of them is hurt. The police want to know what happened.	Near Moscow, Russia, two people were flying in a biplane for an air show. They were flying the plane in a swooping arc when the wings hit the ground. Both of them died. The crash was close to spectators , but none of them was hurt. Local police started investigating what happened.	Near Moscow, Russia, two people, who were performing in an air show died, when their An-2 biplane crashed. The people were flying the plane in a swooping arc when the wings suddenly hit the ground. Even though the crash was in close proximity to spectators , no one was hurt. Local police began an investigation into what had happened.
This news is about a dog. She is a girl. She is born in Peru. She is born without front legs. She lives in the street. She is abandoned . Good people find her. They have an animal shelter . They help her. The dog has no front legs, but she is happy. She can move like a kangaroo. She often plays with the other dogs. People like the dog. They visit the shelter to see her. They bring money to the shelter. With the extra money, the shelter helps more animals.	In Peru a dog was born without her front legs. The owners of an animal shelter found her abandoned in the street at six months old. The owners adopted her. The dog has no front legs but she learned to move like a kangaroo. She often plays with the shelter dogs like a normal dog. She also became a local celebrity. People visit the dog shelter to see her and bring money to the shelter. With the extra money, the shelter can help more abandoned animals.	They say it’s a dog’s life , but for Estrella, born without her front legs, she’s adapted to more of a kangaroo way of living. The Peruvian mutt hasn’t let her disability hold her back, gaining celebrity status in the small town of Tinga Maria. The one-and-a-half-year-old has been adopted by the owners of an animal shelter after being found abandoned in the street at six months old. The centre, run by Ivan Escobar and his wife, has been receiving a large number of visitors since the arrival of their new handicapped member. The couple has been taking advantage of Estrella’s fame to raise funds and, as a result, they’ve been able to take in more abandoned animals. They say they’ve loved watching her develop her new walking skills. Estrella’s disability does not bring her down and she often plays with the shelter’s dogs like a regular pup . It’s hoped she’ll make families think twice before abandoning pets born with defects.
A professional skier is in Alaska. She skis down a mountain. She has an accident. She starts to fall. She cannot stop falling. She covers her face with her hands. She falls 300 metres. Amazingly , the fall does not injure the skier. A person films the accident. The video becomes a warning to other skiers.	A professional American skier was performing a stunt for a movie when she hit some icy snow. She started to fall down the mountain. She tried to use her arms to slow down the fall, but it did not work, so she covered her face. She fell 300 metres down the Alaskan mountain. Amazingly, the fall left her almost unharmed . A person filmed the accident, and the film is now used as a warning to other skiers in an online safety video.	An American professional skier was performing a stunt for a ski and snowboard movie called ‘Paradise Waits’ when she hit an icy patch of snow. She tumbled 300 metres down an Alaskan mountain. The skier said that she uses her arms to slow down her fall, but when she failed, she covered her face in order to protect it from icy snowballs on her way down. Amazingly, her descent did not harm her, and she managed to get away with only two jammed fingers and some bruises. The video is now a warning to other skiers in an online safety video.
The US Space Agency, NASA, is working on a new rocket and spacecraft . The agency is planning a mission to the moon. This spacecraft takes the first woman and the next man to the moon before 2024. NASA must stop its work now. There are many people with coronavirus in the US. NASA is closing its building in New Orleans, Louisiana. Workers are building the rocket there. A space center in Mississippi must close, too. One person in the team is ill. He has coronavirus. NASA says that its mission is going to be delayed . However, it is important that all people are healthy and safe.	NASA is working on its most powerful rocket, which is a part of its mission to the moon. The agency is planning to send the first woman and the next man to the moon by 2024. Last week, NASA´s Artemis moon program stopped. The agency is closing its facilities because of coronavirus. There are many cases of coronavirus in the US, and one member of the NASA team has a positive test for coronavirus, too. NASA said that the delay will have in impact on its missions. However, the health and safety of its employees is the most important thing at the moment.	NASA has delayed production of the rocket and spacecraft for its Artemis moon program. The agency said that it is closing its assembly facility , as well as its center in Mississippi, in response to the rising number of coronavirus cases. The agency also said that a member of the Mississippi team has been tested positive for the coronavirus. Both facilities were working on the world´s most powerful rocket, and they are a part of a mission to send the first woman and the next man to the moon by 2024. NASA said that the production delay will impact its missions; however, the health and safety of the NASA employees it the main priority at the moment.
There are attacks in Paris. They kill at least 120 people. The first attack happens at 9:30 p.m. on Friday. It happens near a stadium. The stadium is in the north of the city. An hour later, there are two shootings . One happens at a bar. The second happens at a restaurant. The shootings kill fourteen peopl. The deadliest attack happens at 11 p.m. Four gunmen enter a concert hall. There are a lot of people there. They are at a concert. The gunmen start shooting them. They kill more than 80 people.	Across Central Paris, at least 120 people died in gun and bomb attacks. The attacks started at around 9:30 p.m. on Friday night. People heard explosions at a stadium in the north of the city. An hour later, shootings at a bar and a restaurant happened around 5 miles from the stadium. Fourteen people died in those two incidents . The deadliest attack took place at a concert hall around 11 p.m. A concert was taking place when four gunmen entered the hall and started shooting into the crowd . More than 80 people died. These are the deadliest attacks in Europe since the 2004 Madrid bombing.	A state of emergency has been declared in France after at least 120 people were killed in gun and bomb attacks across Central Paris. President Hollande called the almost simultaneous attacks a horror and vowed to wage a merciless fight against terrorism. The French leader also imposed border controls and deployed 1,500 extra troops following the incidents. The attacks started at around 9:30 on Friday night after blasts were heard near the Stade de France in the north of the city. Police confirmed these were three simultaneous bombings. An hour later, there were reports of a shooting at Le Carillon Café Bar and Le Petit Cambodge restaurant in the 10 th  arrondissement around 5 miles away from the stadium. Fourteen people were killed in the incidents. The deadliest attack took place at the Bataclan Concert Hall at around 11 p.m. when four gunmen stormed an Eagles of Death Metal concert. They began to fire indiscriminately into the crowd, throwing explosives as they went. One of the attackers reportedly shouted “God is great” in Arabic during the massacre. Dozens of hostages were taken inside the venue . A short time, later security forces launched an assault on the theater. The two attackers were killed after detonating explosive belts. More than 80 concert goers died at the venue. Less than a mile away, eighteen diners at La Belle Equipe were shot dead during another attack. Five people were also killed in La Casa Nostra Pizzeria in the 11th arrondissement. Police say there were eight attackers in total. All of them are now dead. Seven are believed to have detonated suicide vests. These are the deadliest attacks in Europe since the 2004 Madrid bombings. Leaders across the world have condemned the attacks with US President Obama branding the incidents an attack on all humanity.
Leukaemia is a type of cancer . It is a common type of cancer among children. One girl has leukaemia. Doctors try to help her, but nothing works. They try a new way. The new method works. The girl is much better. She is very energetic .	Leukaemia is one of the most common childhood cancers. One girl spent the first year of her life fighting it. Doctors tried chemotherapy and bone marrow transplants, but these methods failed. The doctors had to try something completely new. They took healthy cells and added genes which kill cancer. They also removed DNA from the cells, so the girl’s body could not see them and attack them. The new method worked and the girl is much better now. Her mother said that she is very energetic. Doctors must further test the method so they can use it on more patients.	Layla Richards has spent the first year of her life fighting leukaemia, but after chemotherapy and a bone marrow transplant failed, specialists at Great Ormond Street Hospital said they’d run out of options. Her parents refused to give up and Layla became the first person in the world to try an experimental new treatment. “We didn’t see it as a tough decision. We saw it as the only decision. There was no other option. We didn’t agree with going home to do nothing. We wanted to try it. We didn’t want no what-ifs . We wanted to know we’ve tried everything for her.” This designer cell treatment works by taking healthy donor cells and adding cancerous killing genes. To stop Layla’s body attacking these genes, scientists remove DNA to make them invisible to her immune system. The treatment can then attack the leukaemia. Only one millilitre of this was injected into her body and the cancer appears to have been beaten. The pioneering treatment given to Layla was so new it’d only ever been tested in the lab, but now it has to undergo full clinical trials to ensure it’s suitable for wider patient use. It’s not often treatments like this work first time and doctors say Layla’s success is a big breakthrough. “It’s not just leukaemias – maybe eventually, different sorts of cancers can be targeted in this way, but it does mean we have a new weapon, and it does mean therefore  that children like Layla who really are up against it now have something that we can do.” And like Layla, many others may be able to fight back against one of the most common childhood cancers. “She’s energetic, keeps us up late at night and gets us up early in the morning. And yeah, Layla is just magic…”
There is a protest against police brutality in Paris. Protesters throw bottles. Police use tear gas .  Some policemen and some people have injuries. Police arrest some people. The protesters support a young man. Some policemen rape him with a police baton . The man is 22 years old. He spends two weeks in hospital. One protester thinks that justice must be respected. He thinks that people must talk about the incident. They must stop these things.	Police in Paris used tear gas against protesters. The protesters threw bottles during a protest against police brutality. Some officers and civilians were injured and police arrested some people. The protesters wanted to support a young man. People think that he was raped with a police baton.  The 22-year old man spent two weeks in hospital after the incident. One of the protesters thinks that the government needs to make sure that justice is respected. He thinks that people need to criticize the incident in public. These things must be stopped. Four officers received charges but they say that they did not do anything wrong.	Police in Paris fired tear gas against protesters who threw bottles during a protest against police brutality. A number of officers and civilians were injured and police arrested some people. The protesters wanted to support a young man who reportedly was raped with a police baton . The 22-year old victim spent two weeks in hospital after the incident. One of the protesters thinks that society should question the government to make sure justice is respected. He thinks that the incident needs to be criticized publicly. Such things must be stopped. Four officers received charges but they deny any wrongdoing .
Abdelaziz Bouteflika is the Algerian president. He first becomes president in 1999. People elect him again in 2004, 2009 and 2014. Some people elect him. Some people do not. Some people criticise him. They say that he becomes president illegally . In 2019, he is still president. He wants to be president for more five years. He tells this to people. They start to protest. Most recently , he stops being president. He tells this to people. He is ill. He is 82 years old.	Abdelaziz Bouteflika is the Algerian president who first came to power in 1999. The military backed his victory and people criticised him for that. Some people said that he did not win legally. People elected him again in 2004, 2009 and 2014. The criticism never stopped, and people protested when he said that he was going to run for the fifth term . Most recently, however, the president resigned, as he is 82 years old and ill.	Last Tuesday, the state-run Algerian press agency announced in a statement that the country’s ailing president, Abdelaziz Bouteflika, resigned following weeks of protests. This comes as a surprise since the president previously announced plans to run for a fifth term. However, people started protesting him as soon as they found out. Bouteflika first came to power in 1999 when the military largely backed his victory. This led to criticism that he won the presidency fraudulently . People elected him again in 2004, 2009 and 2014, and the criticism never stopped. The 82-year-old president has been in poor health recently – he survived a stroke in 2013.
Builders build five 3D -printed homes in Eidhoven, Netherlands. People start to live in one of the homes. They are the first official tenants of a 3D home in Europe. The house looks like a boulder. A boulder is a large smooth rock. Only a 3D printer can make it. The 3D printer has a special end. This end can make any shape . It is a better way of building. It does not use so much material. It costs less money. It is better for the natural world. The first tenants are happy in their new home. They say that they feel safe there.	Builders completed a project of five 3D-printed homes in Eidhoven, Netherlands, and the first people started to live in one of the houses. The house has only one floor and it looks like a boulder . It would be very difficult to build it from bricks. A 3D printer has a special end which makes it possible to build almost anything. It is a new way of building and it needs less cement . It means that it costs less money and it does not hurt the environment so much. The house it the first in Europe which has legal tenants . The couple who are living there are very happy and they feel safe in their new home.	A Dutch couple have become Europe´s first tenants of a fully 3D-printed house, the first completed home of five for ´Project Milestone´ in the city of Eidhoven, Netherlands. The single-story house was inspired by the shape of a boulder , and its dimensions and shapes would be difficult and expensive to construct using traditional methods. It´s the first legally habitable and commercially-rented property where the load-bearing walls have been made using a 3D printer nozzle . The printer makes layers of concrete into walls following a design. The method is seen as a way to cut costs and environmental damage by reducing cement use.
This news is about Sri Lankan politics. The Sri Lankan president removes the prime minister. He dissolves the parliament, too. He makes somebody that he likes a new prime minister. People do not like this. They feel that this is not democratic . They organise a vigil . They come together with candles. Even people, who normally do not protest, go to the vigil.	The Sri Lankan president dissolved the country’s parliament and removed the prime minister from office. He made someone that he likes the prime minster instead. Politicians and civilians came together in Colombo, the country’s capital, last Sunday for a candlelit vigil . They protested the president’s actions, and the mayor of Colombo spoke to the media. She said that people feel that the president took democracy away from their country. Due to this, people who normally do not protest came to the vigil.	The Sri Lankan president dissolved the country’s parliament and ousted the prime minister in favour of his preferred candidate. The president also called for fresh elections on 5th January to try and secure backing for his new PM. Politicians and civilians gathered in Colombo, the country’s capital, last Sunday evening for a candlelit vigil to protest the president’s decision. The mayor of Colombo said that it was pretty evident that people who never come to protest decided to mark their presence simply because they feel that democracy has been taken away from their country.
There is a flood in Alabama, USA. One man needs help. Half of his body is in the water. He holds on to a tree. Water goes fast around him. A policeman gets in the water. He saves the man. Later, the man gets trapped again. He needs help. Again police save the man Police say that he put his life in danger . He put the lives of other people in danger, too.	There was a flood in Alabama, USA. Police rescued a man two times. A video shows this man. He is waist-deep in water and he holds on to a tree. A police officer wades into the water and saves the man. But that isn’t the last time the police see the man. He gets trapped again and police have to save him again. They say that he put his life in danger, as well as the lives of the people who saved him.	A man in Alabama was rescued twice from rising flood waters on Wednesday. These television images show the man, waist-deep in water, clinging on to a tree, as floodwaters rushed past him. A police officer waded into the water to rescue the man, who was then pulled in by rescue crews to higher ground. But that wasn’t the last the police saw of the man, after they said they had to rescue him a second time, after he found himself trapped once again. The man was rescued successfully for a second time. Police said the stranded victim not only put his own life in danger, but also those of the rescue crews.
A family goes fishing. They are in a boat on a lake. They see something in the water. It looks like a bear. The family moves the boat closer to the animal. The animal is a baby black bear. The bear has a plastic tub on its head. This is very dangerous. The bear tries to swim. However, water is in the tub. The family decides to save the bear. The woman drives the boat. The man wants to take the tub off the bear´s hear. At first, the man cannot do it. After a while, the man gets the tub off the bear´s head. The bear swims to the shore . In the past, bears do not live in this area. However, the number of bears is growing. It is more common to see bears in the area.	A family in Wisconsin, US, went fishing; they were in a boat on Marshmiller Lake when they saw something unusual. It looked like a bear with plastic on its head. The family moved closer to the animal, and they saw that the animal was a baby black bear. The bear had a plastic tub on its head, and there was water in the tub. The bear tried to stay above water; however, it was difficult. The man wanted to take the tub off the bear´s head. He was not successful at first; however, after a while, he succeeded . The man removed the tub, and the bear swam away. In the past, bears lived only in the northern part of the state. Now, the population of bears is growing, and they are becoming more common in the south, too.	A family in Wisconsin, US, were out fishing on Marshmiller Lake, when they spotted an animal swimming with what appeared to be a plastic tub stuck on its head. The family maneuvered their boat around, and they realized that the trapped animal was in fact a baby black bear that struggled to stay afloat . The family followed the bear with a boat before they got close enough to be able to remove the plastic container from the bear´s head. However, their first attempt was unsuccessful, and the family circled back around for a second try to get the plastic off. They saved the bear, and it made it safely to the shore. The black bear´s primary range is located in the north of the state. However, due to a growing population, bears are becoming more common in the lower part of the state than ever before.
This news is about a Chinese man. His name is Xiao. He looks like Barack Obama. He can impersonate Obama, too. Xiao’s English is bad. When he impersonates Obama, he mixes real English and fake English. People do not understand him, but he sounds like Obama. Xiao is an actor. He plays a gangster in a comedy film. You can see this film next summer.	Xiao is a Chinese man who looks like Barack Obama. His birthday is one day apart from Obama’s, and they also share the same blood type. Xiao’s English is bad, but he can still capture the spirit of Barack Obama. When he goes on stage to speak, he speaks in a mix of real English and fake English. Nobody understands him, but he sounds like the president. Xiao is an actor. He played roles in experimental short films, and he plays a gangster in a comedy film. People will release the film next summer.	Meet Xiao. If you think he looks familiar, you’re not wrong. Xiao’s resemblance to a certain world leader has gained him a part in a Chinese film. And despite not speaking English, he’s somehow managed to capture the spirit of Barack Obama himself. “My English is bad. So when I go on stage to speak, I speak a mix of real English and fake English. I make it up as I go. Nobody understands it. Let me show you.” “Hello, everybody! Ladies and gentlemen….” Xiao plays a low-ranking gangster who looks like President Obama in a comedy film scheduled for release next summer. It’s not his first on-screen appearance – in 2012, he competed in a popular TV talent show and has since played parts in online mini-series and experimental short films. Xiao says his birthday is only one day apart from Obama’s and they also share the same blood type. But for all the similarities, it doesn’t appear that Xiao and Obama will be trading places any time soon.
This happens in 1864 on Christmas Day. A group of people meet in Hyde Park. Hyde Park is a park in London. The people are swimmers. They swim in a river. The water is very cold. It is around 4°C. They swim 100 yards (91 metres). This race becomes a tradition . People do it every year. Not everybody can swim in the cold water. You must get used to it . That takes some time.	A group of swimmers met in London’s Hyde Park in 1864 to compete in a Christmas Day swim. They swam 100 yards (91 metres) in the cold water. This race became a tradition, and people take part in it every year. This year was no exception . A crowd of people watched the brave swimmers jump into the icy waters, which are usually below 4°C. Not all swimmers can take part in this swim. They must get used to the cold conditions over a period of time, first.	A number of swimmers have taken to the chilly waters of Hyde Park’s Serpentine River for its annual Christmas Day swim. Yep, choosing to slip in their swimsuits and trunks over a cozy Christmas breakfast, members of the Serpentine Swimming Club took the  plunge and swam their traditional 100 yard (91 metres) Christmas Day race. They braved the icy waters, which are usually below 4°C in the winter, so swimmers must become acclimatised over a period of time. The annual Christmas Day race is watched each year by a crowd of hundreds who are probably more appropriately dressed for the cold conditions. The group has met in London’s Hyde Park on Christmas morning since 1864 to compete in a Christmas Day swim. The first ever race was won by H. Coulter who won a gold medal, which then became a customary prize for the winner.
Kashmir is in India. There are very many Muslims there. Kashmir has its own government. India changes this. Now, Kashmir must have a similar government to India. Many people are not happy and they protest . Police come. 4000 people go to prison . Many leaders go to prison, too. People in Kashmir vote for new leaders. Many people come and vote. However, people are not happy. They say that the vote is not fair. The problem is that a lot of leaders are in prison. Some leaders protest, too. They do not take part in the vote.	Kashmir is a Muslim part of India which had its own government . In August, India changed this so that Kashmir could not have its own government. Some politicians thought that this could stop terrorism in Kashmir. People started to protest, so many thousands of soldiers came and put 4000 people in prison. Many officials went to prison, too. Next, there were elections in Kashmir. Almost all people came to vote, but they were not happy about their votes. They said that their votes were not fair because many politicians were in prison. Some big official groups also protested and did not take part in the elections.	In August, India canceled Kashmir´s autonomy which means that Kashmir cannot have its own constitution . Some politicians believe that it will stop terrorism in a region where most people are Muslim. However, this started big protests. Thousands of soldiers came to the area and more than 4000 people were arrested, including many politicians. Recently, Kashmiris elected the leaders of more than 300 local councils. 98 percent of all voters came to vote. Many voters did not feel that the elections were true because so many politicians were arrested. The main political parties boycotted the elections, and independent candidates won around 70 percent of the seats.
Hello students, Do you know how to learn English? There is technology which can help you learn English. You can read about this technology in a book. The name of the book is How to Learn English . You can read this book now. You can read the book here . Good luck. Have a nice day, News in Levels team	Hello students, Do you know how to learn English effectively? Do you know that there is technology which can help you learn English? You can find this technology in a book. The name of the book is How to Learn English . You can read this book now. You can find the book here . Good luck with learning English. Have a nice day, News in Levels team	Hello students, Do you know how to learn English effectively? Do you know that there is certain technology that can help you learn English? This technology has been written down in a form of a book. The name of the book is How to Learn English . You can read this book now. You can find the book here . Good luck with learning English. Have a nice day, News in Levels team
A man from Hawaii has a pig. The man and the pig are at a pool . The pig slips and falls in the pool. The pig is OK with water. It starts to swim. The man sees that his pig is special . After some time, the pig starts to surf ! The man and the pig are on one surfboard . The pig loves surfing. People like to watch the pig. They smile and laugh. The pig makes people happy.	It will sound strange, but it’s true. A pig from Hawaii really loves to surf. The pig’s owner noticed the pig’s skills when it slipped and fell into a pool and started to swim. Not long after , the amazing pig started sharing a surfboard with its owner. The pig enjoys surfing and people enjoy watching it. Most people have never seen a pig on a surfboard. The pig makes them smile and laugh. It brings happiness to the world.	A little piglet from Hawaii left the muddy sty behind and took to riding waves. Kama the pig loves nothing more than to surf, regularly joining his owner to catch some waves on the island’s famous beaches. The owner first noticed his pig’s unusual skills when he slipped and fell in the backyard pool and started to swim. Not long after, the little wonder pig started sharing a surfboard with his human friend, catching waves and turning heads at Hawaii’s Sandy Beach. Everywhere Kama goes, he makes people smile and laugh, bringing joy to the world, just like surfing itself.
Leonardo da Vinci was very talented. He painted the Mona Lisa and the Last Supper. He also drew very interesting things. He drew things like a helicopter and a diving suit . People like his drawings. They turn them into 3D models. You can see these models in the Science Museum in London.	Leonardo da Vinci was a renaissance man – a man of many talents. He gave us the Mona Lisa and the Last Supper, but he also sketched machines from the future. For example, he sketched the helicopter. People turned his drawings into 3D models and the models are now on display in the Science Museum in London this month. You can see many interesting models there, including a 15th century diving suit designed for sabotaging enemy ships.	This eerie costume is a 15th century diving suit designed for sabotaging enemy ships. It was drawn by Leonardo da Vinci, renaissance man. A man ahead of his time – about five centuries ahead as a new exhibition shows. The artist who gave us the Mona Lisa and the Last Supper in the nineteenth century seems to transform into a scientist and inventor in the 20th century. Neglected notebooks show he made pencil sketches of parachutes and helicopters four centuries before they became a reality. “The models that you’ll see here are from 1952 in Milan and 1952 in London and we have a story then of a culture of appreciation of Leonardo which has the mechanical aspect of Leonardo’s genius at the centre ,but in fact, what you find is the same imaginative impulse, the same creativity, the same convincing liveliness in the creation is there in the machines, where you maybe don’t expect to find them, as you find in the painting.” His drawings have been turned into three-dimensional models and are on display in the Science Museum in London during February where you could gain a new insight into Leonardo’s mind by seeing some of the inventions he created on paper.
This news is about Beji Caid Essebsi. In 2011, he becomes Tunisia’s leader. This is after the Arab Spring. He is the leader only for some time. In 2014, people elect him president. He is Tunisia’s first democratically elected president. Last month, he gets ill. He goes to hospital. Last Thursday, his office says that he dies. He dies at the of 92.	Last month, Tunisian President Beji Caid Essebsi went to hospital, as he had a serious illness. Last Thursday, people announced that he died, but they did not say what caused his death. He died at the age of 92. In 2011, Essebsi  became Tunisia’s first leader after the Arab Spring. Three years later, people elected him president, and he became the country’s first democratically elected president. He was also the oldest head of state after Queen Elizabeth II.	Last month, Tunisian President Beji Caid Essebsi was hospitalised with a serious illness.  Last Thursday, people announced his passing , but the statement did not give a cause of death. He died at the age of 92. In 2011, Essebsi became the country’s interim leader after the Arab Spring and three years later, people elected him president, and he became the country’s first democratically elected one. He was also the oldest head of state after Queen Elizabeth II. The president’s office said that a burial ceremony would soon be announced.
It is really hot in Europe. The extremely hot weather moves from Europe to Greenland. Greenland is an island. It is covered in ice. It is so hot that 57% of the ice starts to melt . Around 11 billion tons of ice go into the ocean in just one day. That is around 4 million Olympic swimming pools .	There was a heat wave over Europe which later moved over Greenland. The island country is covered almost entirely in ice but because of the heat , nearly 57% of the ice started melting . Around 11 billion tons of ice were lost into the ocean in just one day. That is around 4 million Olympic-size swimming pools.	A heat wave which smothered Europe later moved over Greenland. The island country is covered almost entirely in ice, and nearly 57% of that ice sheet reportedly showed signs of melt on Wednesday, June 31st. More than 11 billion tons of ice reportedly went into the ocean that day alone, which is roughly equivalent to 4 million Olympic-size swimming pools.
Something very unusual happens in the Spanish Parliament last week. Marta Bosquet is giving a speech. A speech means that she is talking to other politicians . They are listening to her. Then Bosquet stops talking. She looks at the floor. A rat is there. Some people run away. Some people take their feet off the floor. Other people look at the rat. People can watch the incident on TV. They do not see the rat. Nobody knows how big the rat really is. The situation calms down later. Politicians return to their seats. They start working again.	Speaker Marta Bosquet was giving a speech in the Spanish Parliament when suddenly, she saw a rat on the floor. The incident happened on Wednesday, and it caused chaos in the room. Several politicians tried to find the rat while the others tried to keep their feet off the floor. A few people left the room. Other people watched the broadcast , but nobody saw the rat, so it was not clear how big it really was. After a few minutes, all the politicians returned to their seats, and they continued to work.	A rat became an unexpected guest in the Parliament of Spain´s Andalusia region. Speaker Marta Bosquet suddenly reacted in surprise when she spotted the rodent inside the chamber during a session on Wednesday last week. The parliamentary broadcast showed the moment of surprise before several lawmakers looked at the ground and others tried to keep off the floor. Although no picture of the invader was seen, the panic caused in the room left people to wonder how big the rat was. After a few minutes, calm was restored , everyone returned to their seats, and the session resumed.
In 1986, whaling is banned . People ban whaling because some types of whales are almost killed off. Last year, Japan says people there are going to hunt whales again. Last Monday, they begin hunting. Five small ships go whaling. They are hunting three types of whales. Two of these are in danger. There are not many of them. Japan says that whaling is its tradition. Japan whales from the 12th century. Also, Japan says that it hunts only 227 whales a year.	In 1986, The International Whaling Commission banned commercial whaling because some whale species were almost killed off. Whales could still be killed but only for science. However, critics said that this was just a cover for illegal hunting. Last year, Japan said that it was going to start whaling again. Last Monday, Japan began to whale again – five small whaling ships set sail. They are hunting for three whale species, and two of them are in danger of dying out. Japan says that whaling is part of its history from the 12th century, and it is going to catch only 227 whales a year.	The International Whaling Commission, or IWC, stopped commercial whaling back in 1986 after the practice drove many whale species to the brink of extinction . Whales could still be killed but only if the killing served a scientific purpose, although critics said that the program was a cover for illegal poaching . Last year, Japan said that it was pulling out of the IWC, and it officially resumed commercial whaling last Monday when five small whaling ships set sail. They are hunting for three whale species, two of which are listed as endangered by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. Japan says that whaling is part of its culture dating back to the 12th century, and the Japanese Fisheries Agency set a number of 227 whales per year to prevent overfishing.
In London, there is a new exhibition . It teaches people about the digital age . It teaches them about online safety. The exhibition is called ‘The Glass Room’. There are 40 interactive artworks. One artwork tries to read how you feel.	A pop-up exhibition in London educates people about the modern digital age, especially the dark side of our digital lifestyles. The exhibition is called ‘The Glass Room’ and it contains 40 interactive individual artworks. There are works which try to read how you feel. The people in the exhibition do not try to sell you anything, as they just want to tell you about online security.	A new pop-up exhibition in London explores the modern digital age, especially the dark side of our digital lifestyles. ‘The Glass Room’ contains 40 individual artworks that explore the future of the big data economy. There are interactive works like a facial recognition system which attempts to best-match your face to an online database and tries to read your emotional state. The staff there will not try to sell you any tech products, but people will give you tips on data privacy. All of this is designed to show how easily our personal data can be collected. Approximately 10,000 people visited the pop-up when it appeared in New York last year.
An accident happens in a club in Colorado, USA. A man dances there. He is an FBI agent. He is off-duty . He has his gun. People watch him dance. The agent does a back flip . His gun falls on the floor. The gun fires and hits a man.	There was an accident in a club in Colorado, USA, when an off-duty FBI agent was dancing and people were watching him. He had a gun and when he did a back flip , it fell to the ground, and unfortunately , it fired. The bullet hit a man. He went to hospital. His life was not under threat .	An off-duty FBI agent was showing off his moves on a dance floor in Colorado, USA, when he did a back flip and his gun fell from its holster onto the floor and fired. It hit a bystander . He went to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
Alabama is an American state. It is in the south-east. There is a tornado. It kills twenty-three people. Some people are injured. People rate tornadoes. The weakest ones are F0 tornadoes. The most powerful are F5. This tornado is F3.	Alabama is a state in the south-eastern USA. A tornado there killed at least 23 people last Sunday on March 3rd. A few more people were injured. It was an F3 tornado which can cause severe damage . F1 tornadoes cause light damage and F5 tornadoes cause the most damage. Emergency services are trying to help people as much as they can. President Trump told people to be ‘careful and safe’.	Alabama is a state in the south-eastern USA, and a tornado roared into there and killed at least 23 people and injured several others on last Sunday, March 3rd. The National Weather Service said that the tornado had an F3 rating, meaning that it inflicted severe damage (F0 tornadoes cause light damage and F5 tornadoes cause the most damage). Emergency services are trying to help people as much as they can, and President Trump told people to be ‘careful and safe’.
This news is from Mexico. Experts study a statue. It is a statue of Christ. They x-ray the statue. They find something interesting. There are human teeth inside the statue. This is very rare . Usually, people used animal bones for a statue’s teeth. People also donated hair and clothes for statues in 18 th century. They made statues look realistic.	Experts from Mexico’s National School x-rayed an 18 th century statue of Christ. They discovered that it contained real human teeth. Usually, people made teeth and nails in statues from animal bones, and they rarely used human teeth. In the 18 th century, people often donated human hair and clothes to statues. Artists used these things to give statues realistic looks.	Restoration experts in Mexico were left shocked after they discovered an 18 th century statue of Christ contained real human teeth. Art restoration  specialists from Mexico’s National School of Restoration x-rayed the figure before starting their project, but what they found was far more surprising. When the X-rays came back, the team discovered the teeth in the statue once belonged to an adult human, before they were inserted into the head of the Christ figure. “In this case we found that it has teeth that belonged to a human. We noticed it because the roots can be perfectly seen in the X-rays.” Teeth and nails in some statues are often made of animal bone but it’s rare that human teeth would be used. “In the 18 th century, people often donated human hair and clothes to be used on statues to give them a more realistic look.”
This news is about the song “Happy Birthday to You”. Two sisters composed it in 1893. They composed it in Kentucky. They called it “Good Morning to All”. “Good Morning to All” changed to “Happy Birthday to You”. This song is very popular. Many people sing it at birthdays. The song was copyright . Now, it is not. You can use the song in a film, and you don’t have to pay for it.	Two sisters from Kentucky originally composed the song “Happy Birthday to You” in 1893. They called their version “Good Morning to All” which later changed into the famous “Happy Birthday” song. A music publisher owned the copyright on the song. Every time the song was used in a film or a TV episode, that publisher made money. It made around 1.3 million pounds a year. But not anymore! A judge in the USA ruled that the publisher no longer owns the copyright. The song belongs to all of us.	“Happy birthday to you!” People can now sing the traditional Happy Birthday song in public without fearing they’ll have to pay royalties . Yeah, panic over! A judge in the U.S has ruled that Warner/Chappell Music Inc. no longer owns the copyright. The music publisher has previously collected royalties on the iconic song after buying the firm that owned the copyright in 1988. The tune was originally composed by sisters, Mildred and Patty Hill from Kentucky in 1893. They called their version “Good Morning to All”, which later evolved into the song that’s now sung at birthday parties around the world. “Happy birthday, to you. Happy birthday, to you. Happy birthday, dear Jeong-un, happy birthday, to you”. Warner/Chappell had been collecting fees since 1988 when it bought “Birch Tree Group” which claimed the original copyright. It is thought to have made 1.3 million pounds a year, by charging every time the song was used in a film, TV episode, advert or other public performance.
Sarah Bailey lives in Ohio, US. She puts many Christmas lights on her family house this year. She makes a video of her house. She plays Taylor Swift´s song in the video. Bailey speaks about a food charity in her town in the video. Taylor Swift is a famous American singer. She sees Bailey´s video on social media. Swift likes the video. She writes to Bailey. Swift gives money to the charity, too. Bailey is very surprised. She is happy. This year is hard for many people. Bailey wants to make them happy. People can come to her house. They can watch the lights from the sidewalk .	Sarah Bailey from Ohio, US, decorated her family house with many Christmas lights. She prepared a light show, and she played a Taylor Swift song during the show. Bailey posted the video on her social media, and she could not believe her eyes when Swift reacted to it. Swift wrote that she was happy that Bailey chose her song. Bailey also reminded in the video that there was a food donation in her town and Swift donated some money, too. Bailey was very happy to get a response from the music star. She said that this year was very difficult for many people. and she wanted to make them happy with her light show.	Last Friday, Sarah Bailey posted a video on social media of her family´s extravagant Christmas lights display in Ohio, US, that was set to Taylor Swift´s song ´Christmas Tree Farm´. Bailey is a local singer and songwriter, and her light display got the attention of the Grammy-award winner, who prompted a direct message to Bailey. In her post, Bailey reminded the public about a food drop box for donations that was located in her area, and Swift made a donation, too. Bailey expressed her excitement and shock about receiving a response from the music star. She added that this year was tough; however, her light show was something that everyone could enjoy safely from the comfort of their cars or the sidewalk.
A larva is a young insect without wings and legs. Later it becomes a fly, butterfly, or other insect. People make many things from larvae. Some companies make pet food. Larvae can also be fertilizer. Farmers put fertilizer in the ground. Plants grow better with fertilizer. An insect farm is in Singapore. They make new materials from larvae. They make materials for medicine and electronics . One material is called chitosan. People use it in medicine. It helps reduce pain. Another material is melanin. People use it in batteries and wires . People can get melanin only from squid in the past. It is not easy. People need a lot of chemicals for it. It is bad for the natural world. Melanin from larvae is easier and better for the natural world.	The first insect farm in Singapore breeds Black Soldier flies to make new materials from their larvae. A larva is a young insect without wings and legs which later changes into an adult. In the past, companies made pet food and fertilizers from larvae, and now, it is possible to make new materials. People use these materials in medicine and in electronics, too. The larvae can change food waste into a special material, and scientists can make chitosan from it. Chitosan can reduce pain and people can use it in cosmetics and medicine. Another material is melanin, which conducts electricity. People can use it in batteries and other things. One of the farm´s founders said that they used technologies which did not harm the natural world. One reason is people usually got melanin from a squid , but it was a very difficult technology which needed a lot of chemicals. Melanin from larvae is easier and needs less chemicals.	The larvae of Black Soldier flies can be used for pet food and fertilizer; however, at Singapore´s first insect farm, they are being bred so that scientists can extract high-quality biomaterials. These are materials that come from a living thing, and they can be used in pharmaceuticals or drugs as well as electronics. The insect farm, Insectta, is farming the larvae for the valuable biomaterials that they produce. The larvae transform food waste into a material that is extracted into chitosan, melanin and, probiotics. Chitosan has anti-inflammatory properties and it is useful in cosmetics and pharmaceuticals. Melanin conducts electricity, and it can be used in semiconductors , batteries, and other products. Probiotics are a medicine or a food that help people. Insectta´s technology gets the substances from the larvae in a single, environmentally-friendly process. Melanin has previously been extracted only from squid ink; however, chitosan is converted from titan, and the process requires very large amounts of solvent which has a negative impact on the environment.
In Italy, there is a referendum . The Prime Minister, Matteo Renzi, needs to win the referendum. He loses and now he wants to resign . He has a meeting with his cabinet . He thanks his colleagues for great work. He goes to the Presidential Palace. He says to the president that he wants to resign. Some of the Italian political parties want to control the country. There can be political chaos. It can also affect Europe.	In Italy, there was a referendum on constitutional  reforms. For the Prime Minister Matteo Renzi it was very important to win the referendum. He lost and now he intends to resign. He intends to call a cabinet meeting. He will thank his colleagues for their extraordinary work. Later he will go to the Presidential Palace. He will give his resignation to the president. This could bring political chaos into the country. It could also affect the rest of Europe.	The world was in shock after Brexit and then Donald Trump´s election as the next president of the United States. Now, all eyes are on Italy after its referendum on constitutional  reforms . Winning the referendum was very important for the career of the Prime Minister, Matteo Renzi. Now, after heavy defeat , he intends to resign. He will call a cabinet meeting. He will thank his colleagues for their extraordinary work. Later he will go to the Presidential Palace, where he will give his resignation to the president. This could drive the country into political chaos and it could affect the rest of Europe. Italian populist parties including the anti-immigration Northern League awaited results of the referendum and hoped to seize power themselves.
Here is news from Venice, Italy. A tornado hits the city. People film the tornado. It kills one person. We do not know the person’s name. It is an elderly person. This person is in a car. The tornado moves the car in the air. Then, the car hits the ground. The tornado injures thirty people. Three of those people are injured seriously. It badly damages homes. Many people cannot stay home.	Italians from the area around Venice filmed the moment a tornado hit the area. Debris could be seen flying above houses. The tornado killed at least one person injured 30. Three of them were in serious condition. The victim who died was an elderly person. The person was driving in a vehicle which was raised in the air by the tornado and then slammed to the ground. The tornado also badly damaged homes and other buildings. Many people had to spend the night with family and friends in nearby areas.	This footage from youreporter.it shows a tornado sweeping through an area near Venice on Wednesday evening. It killed at least one and injured 30, three of whom were said to be in a serious condition. Locals in the Veneto region captured the moment the tornado hit the area with their mobile phones, filming flames and debris flying in the air above the rooftops. According to local media reports, the victim who has been killed was an elderly person who hasn’t yet been identified. They were driving a vehicle which was raised in the air by the tornado and then slammed to the ground. Three people were said to be seriously injured while another 27 had lighter injuries. Several homes and other buildings have also been badly damaged with many locals forced to spend the night with family and friends in nearby areas.
NASA launches a new website. There are colour images of the Earth on the website. A NASA camera takes the images. The camera is 1.6 million kilometres from the Earth. In the images, you can see how the Earth rotates .	NASA launched a new website. It features colour images of the full, sunlit side of the Earth. A NASA camera takes the images and it is 1.6 million kilometres away. Each day, NASA will post images from 12 to 36 hours earlier. You can see how the Earth rotates.	NASA launched a new website featuring images of the full, sunlit side of the earth taken by a camera located one million miles away. The Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera captures the earth as it orbits for a new project between NASA and other American agencies. The project’s objective is to maintain real-time solar wind monitoring, which is crucial for weather alerts and forecasts. Each day, NASA will post images showing the Earth as it rotates.
Afghanistan has presidential elections . Few people come to vote . Only 20% of registered voters come. People do not vote because of the Taliban. They are afraid that they will hurt or kill them. An election official says that the Taliban makes 68 attacks during the voting. Five people die and more people get hurt. Other problems happen. Some voters cannot prove who they are. Some election workers are mean. Some lists of voters are not complete. 20% of Afghanistan’s voters are going to choose the president. People find out who they choose in November.	Afghanistan held its presidential election. There were problems with the voter turnout because around 20% of registered votes came to vote. People were afraid to vote because of Taliban threats . One voting official said that 68 Taliban attacks happened during the voting, killing at least five people and hurting more. There were also problems with identifying voters, angry election workers, and incomplete lists of voters. Now 20% of Afghanistan’s voters are going to decide the next president. The main candidates are the current president and his chief executive . People are going to find out the results in November.	Recently, Afghanistan held its presidential election, but there were problems and around 20% of registered votes came to vote. People were afraid to vote because of Taliban threats. One voting official said that 68 Taliban attacks happened during the voting, killing at least five people and hurting dozens . There were also problems with identifying voters through biometric  identification , hostile election workers, and incomplete lists of voters. Now that 20% of Afghanistan’s voters will decide the next president. The main candidates are the current president, Ashraf Ghani, and his chief executive, Abdullah Abdullah. People will find out the results in November.
An unusual race happens in France last week. Athletes use flying boats. The flying boat is a boat where you lay down and pedal at the same time. The idea is not new. Two French professors think of a flying boat in 2013. Nicolas Picard makes a boat called JetCycle in 2020. He uses the idea of a flying boat. He changes it a little. He puts foil in the front and at the back. This makes the boat fly. The boat can move at 9 kilometers per hour. One boat costs 12,000 euros. Picard wants to sell 100 boats in the next three years. Picard hopes that people will enjoy this new activity .	An unusual race happened in France last week. Athletes raced in ´flying boats´ which were boats that were powered by pedaling . Nicolas Picard started the company JetCycle in 2020, but the idea of a flying boat came from two French professors in 2013. Picard explained that using a JetCycle boat looked like boat cycling. Then he put foil in the front and at the back, which made the boat fly. The boat cold move at the speed of around 9 kilometers per hour. Picard hopes that people will enjoy this new activity, which combines sailing and cycling. One boat costs 12,000 euros, and Picard wants to sell 100 boats in the next three years.	Athletes in France competed in the first ever flying boat race, a new type of foil cycling that allows cyclists to ´fly on water´ aboard pedal-powered boats. Annecy-based startup JetCycle created the boats. According to JetCycle´s CEO Nicolas Picard, the pedaling system resembles the concept of boat cycling while laying down. However, there is an innovation of foil at the front and at the back. A pushing system allows pedaling at the speed of around 9 kilometers per hour, and it start a small flight controller, just like in a plane, to fly on water by using the foil. This mix between sailing and cycling is intended to be a new fitness activity with no carbon dioxide emissions . It combines performance, endurance , and the pleasure for boat sports. Sold for 12,000 euros each, the JetCycle is for rental professionals, and Picard hopes to sell 100 JetCycles within three years.
This news is from a zoo in Poland. A baby cuscus bear is born there. This is a special thing. This is the first cuscus bear born in a zoo. Only four zoos in the world have cuscus bears. These bears live in Indonesia. They eat leaves. They are marsupials like koalas and kangaroos. This means that their babies are born very small. When they are born, they move to their mother’s pouch . They drink milk and are safe in the pouch.	In Poland, a cute little baby cuscus bear was born. The zoo is one from only four zoos in the world that has this animal kind. The baby is the first cuscus bear born in a zoo. The bear is native to the Indonesian island of Sulawesi, and people do not know much about it. We do know that it eats leaves, however, and that it is a marsupial . The little baby stays in its mother’s pouch . It sometimes leaves to have a look around. The cuscus family is in a private part of the zoo, so that they can be with their baby alone.	At a zoo in Poland, a cute little baby cuscus bear has been born, and the zoo is one of only four zoos in the world that has the shrinking species . The folivorous marsupial is native to the Indonesian island of Sulawesi and not much is known about the species. The newborn is the first cuscus bear to be born in captivity. The little baby stays in its mother’s pouch but sometimes it leaves to explore the area. Its family is being kept in a secluded part of the zoo while the newborn adjusts .
The ‘Star Wars’ films are very famous. Many people know the character of Chewbacca from these films. The actor who plays the original Chewbacca is Peter Mayhew. Mayhew is very tall. He has a condition . It makes him grow tall. He grows to 221 centimetres. This helps him play the iconic role . He is in three of the ‘Star Wars’ films. Recently, he dies at age 74.His family writes about his death on Twitter. They write that ‘he put his heart and soul in the role’. They also write that his ‘Star Wars’ family is very important to him.	Actor Peter Mayhew died at age 74. He was the original Chewbacca in the ‘Star Wars’ films. Mayhew was about 221 centimetres tall. He had a genetic disorder which caused him to grow so much. It helped him play the iconic role in three of the ‘Star Wars’ films. His family wrote of his death on Twitter and wrote that ‘he put his heart and soul in the role’ and that his ‘Star Wars’ family meant a lot to him. Another ‘Star Wars’ actor also wrote on Twitter that he was ‘a big man with an even bigger heart’.	Peter Mayhew died at age 74; he was the actor of the original Chewbacca in the ‘Star Wars’ films. Mayhew was about 221 centimetres tall from a genetic disorder called Marfan Syndrome that caused him to grow so tall. It helped him play the iconic role in the first ‘Star Wars’ film, ‘Episode III’ and ‘Star Wars: The Force Awakens’. His family announced the death on Twitter and wrote that ‘he put his heart and soul in the role’ and ‘the Star Wars family meant so much’. His co-star, Mark Hammill, also wrote on Twitter that he was ‘a big man with an even bigger heart’.
The Natural History Museum in London has a competition . It is the Wildlife Photographer of the Year. The competition is to find the best photos of wildlife. The museum shows 13 photos. One of these will win the best prize. Many photos show animals in the places where they live. You can see many animals, like foxes, fish, birds, or bears. Some photos show animals doing different things. One shows a young tiger in a zoo. One shows a seahorse holding onto a Q-tip .	The Natural History Museum in London is holding a competition called the Wildlife Photographer of the Year to find the best photos of wildlife. It released 13 images, and one of these will win the best prize. Some photos show animals in the places where they live, in zoos, or interacting with unusual things. The animals are seals, foxes, fish, eagles, wild cats, bears, and seahorses.	The Natural History Museum in London is holding the competition for the Wildlife Photographer of the Year to discover the best photos of wildlife. It released the13 finalist images, one of which will win the best prize. Some photos show animals in their natural environments. The animals are seals, Arctic foxes, clown fish, eagles, bobcats , and bears. Others show animals in different situations, such as a young tiger in a zoo and a seahorse that grabbed onto a person’s Q-tip .
This happens in China. A truck is on a motorway. The truck is in a bad state . Its wheel gets loose . The wheel rolls on the highway. This is very dangerous. A woman is on the highway. She is tired. She stops her car. She gets out. She does not know about the wheel. It hits her. She goes to hospital.	A truck’s tyre became loose on a highway in China and it rolled forward. On that same highway, a woman stopped her car at a hard shoulder to stretch. She didn’t know about the tyre, and it hit her, unfortunately. It knocked her off the road. Doctors diagnosed her with three fractures and she is now in hospital. Police said that both the truck driver and the woman were responsible for the incident.	This is the moment a woman resting on a hard shoulder of a road in China was hit by a runaway tyre . The tyre which came loose from a semitrailer on a highway in Yiwu city on Tuesday, smashed into the woman and her car door. Just after 10 am, the woman stopped her car on the shoulder of the highway. She got out and was stretching when the runaway rolling tyre hit her and knocked her off the road. She was diagnosed with three fractures and is currently resting up in hospital. Police have said both the woman and truck driver need to take responsibility over the incident, as some parts of the truck are not in conformity with the technical standards and the car was illegally stopped on the road shoulder.
Immigrants come to France. They are often from Asia, The Middle East or Africa. They want to live in Europe. Some people don’t want immigrants in Europe. They make the immigrants go. Police make 600 to 800 immigrants go. The operation happened days after the European elections . A political group won . This political group does not like immigrants.	Calais has always attracted a lot of immigrants. The immigrants are usually from Asia, The Middle East and Africa. They seek better futures in Europe. Riot police removed between 600 and 800 immigrants in Calais recently. The officers moved in and told the migrants to pack their bags . The authorities say that the people must leave because their camps are a danger to health and safety. The operation comes days after an anti-immigrant political group won the European elections.	French riot  police have been evacuating campsites housing hundreds of immigrants in Calais. Today, police are in the process of removing between 600 and 800 immigrants from Asia, the Middle East and Africa who are occupying camps near the port. Several busloads of police in riot gear arrived at the camps early this morning, after a deadline for people to leave expired. After a stand-off with local activists, the officers moved in and told migrants to pack their bags. The authorities say the evictions are needed on the grounds that the makeshift camps pose problems for public health and safety. For years, Calais has attracted floods of immigrants fleeing poverty or conflict in their countries, many of them hoping to try to get to Britain. The operation comes days after the anti-immigrant National Front party hammered the ruling Socialists in the European election.
Four orcas are in the far east of Russia. They get trapped between ice. People help them. They take a small boat and go to the orcas. People move the ice. They make space for the orcas. This takes hours. Three orcas get free. One of them is young. The fourth orca is still trapped. People wait for higher waters. When there’s more water, the orca joins the others.	Ice trapped four orcas in the far east of Russia. Rescue workers took a small boat to reach the whales that were between 50 to 100 metres from the coastline. They then had to move the ice to create gaps the whales could swim through. It took a few hours, but they managed to get three of the whales, including one calf , to freedom. The rescuers stayed with the fourth orca, protecting it from the ice, until higher waters allowed it to join the others.	Rescue workers in the far east of Russia braved freezing waters to save four orcas, who were trapped between ice at 50–100 metres from the coastline. They were stuck overnight, with the head of the region’s emergency ministry explaining that the waters are shallow and filled with stones. The team of people took a small boat to reach the whales and moved the ice to create gaps that the whales could swim through. It took them several hours but three of the whales, including one calf, were freed. They stayed with the fourth orca, protecting it from the ice, until higher waters allowed it to join the others.
There is a big fire in Chile. It burns 1.2 million acres. Strong winds spread the fire. This is Chile’s worst wildfire . Ten people die. Around 7,000 people lose their homes. More people are in danger. They must leave their homes. We do not know how the fire started. Maybe somebody started it.	There were over 130 wildfires in Chile. In just two weeks, fires burned nearly 1.2 million acres. Strong winds are spreading the fires. These are the worst fires in the country’s history. People think that 10 people died in the fires, and around 7,000 people lost their homes. More people are being evacuated. We do not know what started the fire. It is possible that somebody started it on purpose . Colombia, France and Mexico sent people to assist Chile in this situation.	Having consumed nearly 1.2 million acres in over 130 separate fires, wildfires continue to rage in Chile. Strong winds have been spreading the flames. Firefighters have been battling the wildfires for over two weeks and several firefighters are thought to be dead. Around 7,000 people lost their homes and more are being evacuated. It is not yet clear what sparked the fires, but arson has not been ruled out. Colombia, France and Mexico sent representatives from their fire departments to assist the burning country.
This news is about a woman. She is American. She is from Georgia. She plots to kill her husband. Police catch her. A judge sentences her to death . This does not happen very often. Not many women are sentenced to death. Pope Francis was in the USA. He tried to help this woman.	Georgia, a state in the USA, executed a 47-year-old woman. She was the first woman in 70 years to be executed by the state. A judge sentenced the woman to death for her role in plotting her husband’s murder in 1997. Pope Francis was recently on a tour in the USA and he tried to help this woman.	Georgia has executed the only woman on the state’s death row despite a last minute appeal attempt by the Pope. It’s the first time in 70 years the state has carried out a death sentence on a woman. “At 12:21 on September 30th 2015, the court ordered execution of Kelly Renee Gissendaner, and it was carried out in accordance with state law.” Kelly Gissendaner died by injection at a prison in Jackson. Pope Francis, who was recently on a US tour, urged the review board to reconsider, but it announced it was not granting clemency . Witnesses say the 47-year-old sang “Amazing Grace” before apologising to the victim’s family and expressing her regret. She’d been sentenced to death for her role in plotting her husband’s murder in 1997. Her former lover, Gregory Owen, who killed Douglas Gissendaner, was given life in prison as part of a plea bargain . Gissendaner was the 16th woman executed in the United States since the Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976.
Conjoined twin girls are born in Bhutan. They share parts of their bodies with one another. It can be hard to survive if you are a conjoined twin. Now they are 15 months old. Their mother takes them to Australia to get surgery. The surgery can separate them. Eighteen doctors and professionals help the girls. They take 6 hours to do the surgery. The girls have only one abdomen . The doctors must make each baby a new abdomen. The surgery goes well. The girls are getting better.	Fifteen-month old conjoined twins from Bhutan came to hospital in Australia for a special surgery. The girls were joined at the lower chest , the lower body, and shared an organ. Doctors were not sure if the girls shared other organs too. Once the doctors started the surgery, they had to rebuild their abdomens . The team of 18 medical professionals successfully separated them after 6 hours. The babies are now getting better in the hospital.	In Australia, an 18-person team of medical professionals successfully separated 15-month-old conjoined twins from Bhutan after 6 hours of surgery. The girls, named Nima and Dawa, were joined at the lower chest, pelvis , and shared their liver. Doctors had not been sure if the girls shared a bowel and once they started the procedure, they had to reconstruct the twins’ abdomens . Now the babies are recovering at the Royal Children’s Hospital in Melbourne.
This news is from South Carolina. It rains a lot there. More than 0.6 metres of rain falls in three days. The state is flooded . Nine people die. Hundreds of people are trapped in homes and cars. People film the situation. They put the videos on social media .	More than 0.6 metres of rain fell in three days in some parts of South Carolina. The state is flooded . Nine people died and hundreds of people were trapped in homes and cars. One video, which a drone filmed, shows the situation from above. People also filmed the floods and posted the videos to social media.	From this vantage point , the view is clear. This footage was shot by a drone and shows the scope of the flooding in South Carolina. Residents have also captured the floods and posted videos to social media – this one showing the Gills Creek Parkway and Rosewood in South Carolina underwater. Unprecedented rainfall and rising waters have resulted in nine deaths and trapped hundreds of people in homes and cars. This is how residents are having to battle the water. Some have had to give up on other forms of transport. More than 2 feet (0.6 metres) of rain has fallen in the past three days in some parts of the state. Governor Nikki Haley warned residents to remain on alert as rain continued to fall in some of the hardest-hit areas, including the state capital of Columbia, which saw its wettest day on record over the weekend.
Police release a video. The video is from Britain. A person films it on a lorry. The lorry is on a motorway. Its speed is 60 miles per hour (96 kilometres per hour). The video shows a blue car. It gets in front of the lorry. The car then brakes . It gets very close to the lorry. This is very dangerous. It happens very quickly. The car drives away. Police catch the driver of this car. He must pay 145 pounds. He also must do 100 hours of unpaid work. He must not drive for 9 years.	A shocking video from Britain emerged. A person filmed the video from a lorry which was travelling on a highway at 60 miles per hour (96 kilometres per hour). The video shows a blue car which overtakes the lorry and swerves right in front of it. The car then suddenly brakes and gets only inches from the lorry. After doing this dangerous thing, the car drives away fast. The driver put the lives of many people in danger. He must pay 145 pounds and do 100 hours of unpaid work. He also must not drive for around 9 years and then retake his driving test.	Police have released this horrifying video of the moment an enraged driver slammed his brakes on in front of a moving lorry. The incident happened on M5 the during the summer, when one driver’s road rage nearly cost him his life. The heart-stopping video shows the blue Citroen swerving and braking in front of the lorry, which was travelling at 60 miles per hour (96 kilometres per hour), before speeding off just inches from the front of the HGV . A police spokesman said not only was the driver putting his life on the line, but also that of his wife in the passenger seat and other road users who could have been caught up in the carnage . He was ordered to carry out 100 hours of unpaid work, 112-month driving ban and left with 145 pound bill for court costs. He must also retake his driving test.
David Bowie is a singer. He is very famous. He is famous for his songs. He is famous for his style, too. He plays glam rock, art rock, hard rock, soul, dance, pop, punk and electronica. He releases an album. It is his 25th album. He calls it “Blackstar”. Recently, David Bowie dies. He had cancer . He is 69 when he dies.	David Bowie was a singer, songwriter and a producer. He was famous for his music as well as his eccentric style. His career spanned glam rock, art rock, soul, hard rock, dance, pop, punk and electronica. He released his 25th album, Blackstar, on January 8th, which was his birthday. On Monday, David Bowie died of cancer at the age of 69.	David Bowie has died from cancer at the age of 69. The influential singer-songwriter and producer was famous for his music, style and contribution to the world of music. Known for his eccentric and ever changing sense of style, his over 40-year career spanned glam rock, art rock, soul, hard rock, dance, pop, punk and electronica. He had just released his 25th album, Blackstar, on January 8th, which was his birthday. The singer’s publicist confirmed the news on his Facebook page saying, “David Bowie died peacefully today surrounded by his family after a courageous 18-month-battle with cancer.” Stars and influential figures have paid tribute to a man considered by many one of the most influential artists of the 20th century.
“Inti Raymi” is a ceremony . It is an old Incan ceremony. Every year, people celebrate it in Peru. It is very important. Inti is the Incan god of the sun. “Inti Raymi” is the Festival of the Sun. The festival celebrates the winter solstice . This year, around 50,000 people come to the ceremony. One part of the ceremony is quite dramatic . People kill a llama. They pull its heart out.  Then, they put the heart in a fire.	One of the most important Incan ceremonies is “Inti Raymi”. Inti is the Incan god of the sun, so the ceremony is also known as the Festival of the Sun. People celebrate the Festival of the Sun every year and it celebrates the winter solstice . This year, around 50,000 people came to see the ceremony. The ceremony reached its climax with the sacrifice of a lama to Inti. People pulled the animal’s heart out and placed it in a fire.	Tens of thousands turned out to celebrate the ancient Incan Festival of the Sun which marks the winter solstice . Some 50,000 trekked to Cszo for the ceremony in Peru known as the Inti Raymi. The festival is a celebration of the Sun and the actor Nirvado Carrillo played an Incan leader for the grand entrance. He pours the ancient Incan corn drink over the ground from a ceremonial urn as an offering to Mother Earth. The ceremony reaches its climax with the sacrifice of a llama to the Sun God Inti. Priests pulled out the animal’s heart and placed it in a fire as part of the ritual. Inti Raymi is known as the most important of Incan ceremonies. The annual reenactment has been taking place there since 1944.
An election happens in Bangladesh. Sheikh Hasina and her party win. They win for the third time. The losers of the election say that the election is rigged . They do not respect that they lost. The prime minister says that the election is not rigged. Some people fight in the streets. People who like one party fight people who like the other party. At least 17 people die.	An election happened on Sunday, December 30th in Bangladesh. The country’s Prime Minister, Sheikh Hasina, and her party won for the third time. The losing party denounced the result of the election and said that the election was rigged . The prime minister said that this was not true. There were fights in the streets during the election. People who liked one party fought people who liked the other party. At least 17 people died.	During Bangladesh’s national election on Sunday, December 30th, the country’s Prime Minister, Sheikh Hasina, and her party secured their third straight term. The ruling Awami League party scored nearly all of 300 parliamentary seats – only a few were lost to the opposing Bangladesh Nationalist Party. The losing party denounced the election results, accusing the winners of rigging the vote. The prime minister denied the claims and said that there would not be a new vote. During the election, there were violent fights between the supporters of the ruling and opposition parties. At least 17 people died during the vote.
The USA and Cuba were enemies . There was no diplomacy between them. Now, the situation is changing. The two countries renew the diplomacy between them. John Kerry is an American leader. He talks with other countries. He comes to Cuba. He visits the American embassy in Cuba. He talks about the new situation. People are happy about this. In the past, there was no American flag at the embassy. Now, people put it back.	The United States and Cuba renewed diplomatic relations four weeks ago. Now, people raised the American flag at Cuba’s US embassy. The US Secretary of State , John Kerry, became the first chief of American diplomacy to visit Cuba in 70 years. He ushered in a new era between the two cold-war enemies. Three retired Marines who last lowered the flag 54 years ago participated in the ceremony. Locals and tourists celebrated the changing times.	Arriving in Havana today, US Secretary of State John Kerry became the first chief of American diplomacy to visit Cuba in 70 years. And this is why he was here. For the first time since 1961, the American flag was raised at Cuba’s US embassy, ushering in a new era in relations between the two cold-war enemies. “My friends, we are gathered here today because our leaders, President Obama and President Castro, made a courageous decision to stop being the prisoners of history and to focus on the opportunities of today and tomorrow. This doesn’t mean that we should or will forget the past. How could we, after all?” Three retired Marines who last lowered the flag 54 years ago participated in the ceremony at the newly re-opened embassy on the Havana seafront and on the streets of the city, locals and tourists celebrated the changing times. Today’s events took place nearly four weeks after the United States and Cuba formally renewed diplomatic relations and upgraded their diplomatic missions to embassies.
A boy is sick. He has a very bad infection . Doctors cut off his hands and feet. They give him prosthetic legs. He can walk, run and jump. Now, he has a long operation. He has a double hand transplant . He is the youngest person to get this. He must exercise his new hands. This can take weeks.	Doctors had to amputate the arms and feet of an American boy. He was two years old and had a serious bacterial infection. With prosthetic legs, he is able to walk, run and jump. Now, he underwent an eleven-hour operation, and he became the youngest person to receive a double hand transplant. He has weeks of therapy ahead, but soon he will be able to pick up small objects. The boy’s immune system will have to be suppressed so his body does not reject the hands.	An eight-year-old boy in America has become the youngest person to receive a double hand transplant. Making history, Zion Harvey underwent the intricate eleven-hour operation earlier this month. A surgical team of 40 at the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia used steel screws and plates to fuse together Zion’s old and new bones before delicately reconnecting his muscles, nerves, tendons , veins and arteries. “A child’s hand… it looks like… It could be this colour or this colour… I don’t know!” Although he has several weeks of physical therapy ahead, he will soon have ability to pick up small objects like Cheerios and pieces of Lego. Zion’s hands and feet had to be amputated when he was a toddler after he contracted sepsis, a serious bacterial infection. “When I was two, I had to get my hands cut off because I was sick.” But with the help of prosthetic legs, he’s able to walk, run and jump. “So, when I get those hands, I will be proud of what hands I get! And, if it gets messed up…” “It’s not going to get messed up! Are you excited?” “…I don’t care because I have my family!” Several adults in the US have received double hand or double-arm transplants in the past few years, but Zion is believed to be the youngest person to have the surgery, which requires a lifetime of immune-suppressing drugs to ensure the body doesn’t reject the new limbs. “Up. Up, up, up, up… Nice!” Doctors say Zion will spend several weeks in physical rehab at the hospital before returning home. “Me and Zoei want a puppy!” “Where’s the puppy going to live?” “In my room!  Where else?”
On, August 3, 2019, a gunman shoots at people in a store. This happens in El Paso, Texas. He kills 22 people. He tells police that he shoots at people that he thinks are “ Mexicans .” Dia de los Muertos is a Mexican holiday. People also celebrate it in the USA. People make little areas called “altars” to remember the people who died. Usually, people remember their relatives who died . For this year, people remember the victims who died in El Paso. They put objects in the altars such as flowers, candles, and candy skulls. A Chicago museum also makes an altar for the victims.	On August 3, 2019, a gunman killed 22 people at a store in El Paso, Texas. He told police that he shot people that he thought were “Mexicans.” More than 80% of the people who live in El Paso are Hispanic or Latino . Dia de los Muertos is a Mexican holiday that people also celebrate in the USA. For this year, people created special altars to the victims who died at that store in El Paso. Usually, people create altars for their relatives who died. They put objects in the altars such as flowers, candles, and candy that looks like skulls. A Chicago museum also created an altar for the victims.	On August 3, 2019, a gunman killed 22 people at a Walmart in El Paso, Texas, and he told police that he targeted people that he believed were “Mexicans.” El Paso is a town where more than 80% of its people are Hispanic. For this year’s Dia de los Muertos celebration, people dedicated special altars to the victims of that shooting. Traditionally, people dedicate altars for their loved ones who died. They include in the altars flowers, candles, and candy made out of sugar that looks like skulls. A museum in Chicago also dedicated an altar to the victims in El Paso. The museum president said that the altar used crosses and balloons with the number 22.
Some Muslim women wear clothing which covers their bodies. There are different types of these clothing. One type is the burqa. It covers the whole body. Another type covers only the face. The burqa and other clothing like it are banned in some countries. Women must not wear them in public buildings or on public transportation. In Western Europe, these countries are Denmark, France, Belgium, and Austria. In Eastern Europe, it is Bulgaria. The Netherlands is the newest country to ban these clothing. When somebody sees someone in a burqa, he or she can call the police. The person in the burqa then must pay money to the police. However, some people say that they will not call the police when they see somebody in a burqa.	Recently, new laws went into effect in the Netherlands. The laws make it illegal for people to wear face-covering garments like burqas in public buildings or on public transportation. People are calling the laws a “burqa ban.” Officially, if you are wearing something which the law bans, you must pay a fine . However, hospital and transportation employees told media that it is not a priority for them to check on people and call the police. The Netherlands is the latest European country to have laws like this. Apart from Bulgaria, the countries are traditionally considered Western – Denmark, France, Belgium, and Austria all have bans against face coverings in public places. Last year, the United Nations said that France is breaking human rights. It said that because of these laws, Muslim women must stay home.	Last year, Dutch lawmakers approved laws which makes it illegal to wear burqas , niqabs , balaclavas , ski masks and full-face helmets in public buildings (such as in schools, hospitals and on public transportation). The so-called “burqa ban” went into effect in the Netherlands recently, but some called it “unworkable.” The law says that if you are caught wearing one of the face-coverings, you must pay a fine, but police, hospitals and public transportation employees told reporters that enforcing the new law is not a priority for them. The Netherlands is the latest European country to implement laws like this. Apart from Bulgaria, the countries are traditionally considered Western – Denmark, France, Belgium, and Austria all have bans against face coverings in public places. Last year, the United Nations said that France’s ban violates Muslim women’s human rights and the laws could force the women to stay at home at all times.
A man makes a boat. It takes him 20 years. He spends 100,000 pounds on the boat. The boat is special. It looks like a whale. The boat is named after Moby-Dick. Moby-Dick is the whale in Herman Melville’s famous book. The boat is 20 metres long. It is on a lake in Scotland. The man wants to sail to London. From London, he wants to sail to New York. It is 5,600 kilometres to New York. The man is 73 years old. He says that doing this is better than watching TV.	A man from Britain created a 20-metre boat, which looks like a whale. It took him 20 years and made him 100,000 pounds poorer. The 73-year-old is planning to sail from a lake in Scotland to London and then to New York. The voyage across the Atlantic is going to be 5,600 kilometres long. The boat’s name is Moby. He, of course, named it after “Moby-Dick”, the whale in Herman Melville’s famous book. When somebody asks the former soldier why he’s doing it, he says, “why not? It is better than sitting and watching TV, isn’t it?”	Former SAS soldier Tom McClean has spent 100,000 pounds and 2 decades building his 20-metre boat in the shape of a whale. Moby the boat is set to take her 73-year-old creator on a journey from Loch Nevis in Scotland to London and then New York, USA, which is a 5,600-kilometre adventure. When asked why, the man says, ‘Why not?’ He does things instead of watching television, and he aims to get environmental companies to be involved so he can help the planet as well.
This happens at a train station. An old woman runs for her train. She falls onto the tracks. A soldier sees her. He runs to her. He helps her. He lifts her on the platform . A train is coming. Everything happens before the train comes. The train must slam on its brakes . There is a camera on the train. It captures this situation.	An old woman ran for her train and fell onto the tracks. A soldier, who stood on the opposite platform , jumped down and ran to her. He lifted the woman onto the platform. Everything happened only moments before a train arrived. The train had to slam on its brakes . The train’s camera captured the situation. The rail operator is investigating this incident.	This is the moment a soldier ran onto a railway track into the path of an oncoming train to rescue a woman who had fallen onto the tracks. The man was standing on the opposite platform at Strood station when he saw the pensioner run for her train and fall. He then jumped down and ran over to the other side, narrowly missing the passing train. The paratrooper managed to reach the woman and lifter her onto the platform, jumping up just moments before the train hurtled towards them, slamming on its brakes just yards (metres) away. Captured on the incoming train’s camera, people can be seen rushing along the platform trying to flag it  down , looking back as it approaches. Rail operator Southeastern Trains has now launched a full investigation into the incident.
The Oktoberfest for 2019 is here. The Oktoberfest is a beer festival. People go to Munich every year in September when the festival starts. They drink beer. They speak with other people. The festival is a big party. People can drink 7 million litres of beer this year. The festival is 15 days long. People can visit 38 big tents . They can also visit some historical tours .	The Oktoberfest for 2019 started. The mayor of Munich opened the festival, and the first glass of beer was filled . Millions of party lovers travel to Munich each September and they visit the most famous beer festival. People will drink more than 7 million litres of beer this year. The festival is 15 days long. People can enjoy the festival in 38 big tents. They can also visit some historical tours .	The 186 th Oktoberfest is officially under way . The mayor of Munich opened the annual event, and the first glass of beer was filled. Millions of party lovers from across the globe travel to Munich each September to visit the world’s most famous beer festival. People expect that more than 7 million litres of beer will be consumed during the 15-day event. People can enjoy the festival in 38 big tents. They can also take part in some historical tours.
This news is about a teenager. He is from Texas. His name is Ahmed Mohamed. He is Muslim. The boy makes a clock. The clock is in a suitcase . It looks a little like a bomb. He brings the clock to school. Teachers think that it is a bomb. They call the police. The police arrest Ahmed. People hear about this story. They support Ahmed. Barack Obama invites him to the White House.	A teenage Muslim named Ahmed Mohamed from Texas made a homemade clock. He put the clock in a suitcase and it looked a little like a bomb. He brought the clock to school and teachers thought that it was a bomb. The police came and led him away in handcuffs . Social media sharply criticised Ahmed’s arrest. People who support Ahmed use the hashtag “IStandWithAhmed”. Barack Obama invited Ahmed to the White House, and Mark Zuckerberg invited Ahmed to Facebook’s headquarters .	Teenage Muslim Ahmed Mohamed from Texas has been invited to the White House by Barack Obama after he was detained by police for taking a homemade clock to school that teachers thought was a bomb. Mr Obama said in a Tweet, “Cool clock, Ahmed. Want to bring it to the White House? We should inspire more kids like you to like science. It’s what makes America great.” The 14-year-old was led away in handcuffs from his school in North Texas on Monday after bringing the clock to his engineering class. He said his teacher had congratulated him but advised him “not to show any other teachers”. Ahmed’s arrest has been sharply criticised. He has since had an outpouring of support on social media, under the hashtag “IStandWithAhmed”. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg has even invited him to the site’s headquarters . Also in support of Ahmed, Steve Wozniak – the man who designed the first two Apple computers – has told the time he built a electronic metronome and was accused of making a bomb. He says he then spent a night in a juvenile prison. Irving Police Chief Larry Boyd told a news conference on Wednesday that Ahmed would not be charged.
In England, five whales get on beaches. The whales die. People write “Man’s Fault” on of the whales. “Man’s Fault” means that the whale is dead because of people. People write “CND” on another whale. This means “ Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament ”. We do not know why the whales got on the beaches. Experts look at the whales. They try to find out more.	Five sperm whales washed up on beaches in England. Somebody spray-painted “Man’s Fault” on the tail of one of the whales. Somebody wrote “CND” on another whale. It means Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament . The cause of the deaths is not known, but experts will examine the bodies. This, however, is not the first time that whales beached in the North Sea. Twelve whales died between the Netherlands and Germany in January.	This is the carcass of a fifth sperm whale that has washed up on England’s east coast. Four others died in a number of beachings nearby in recent days. A pod of up to six whales had been spotted close to the shoreline on Friday. This whale has washed up near Wainfleet in Lincolnshire. The latest case follows the death of a beached whale off Hunstanton in Norfolk and the discovery of three carcasses near the resort of Skegness over the weekend. One of the Skegness whales could be seen with “Man’s Fault” spray-painted on its tail and another had “CND” written on it, signifying the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament. The cause of the deaths is not known, although there have been several previous examples of sperm whales becoming confused and beaching in the shallow waters of the North Sea. Experts will examine the bodies of the whales to try and establish why they beached and whether their deaths are linked to a pod of 12 which died between the Netherlands and Germany since 11 January.
Naya Rivera is an American actress. She is 33 years old. She has her first TV role when she is 4 years old. Rivera´s best known role is in the TV show ´Glee´. Rivera plays in the show for 6 years. Rivera is a singer, too. On Wednesday, Rivera takes a trip with her son. Her son is four years old. Rivera hires a boat in California, USA. She and her son go on a lake. Later, police find the boat. Rivera´s son is in the boat. However, police do not find Rivera. Officials think that Rivera dies in the lake. It is not easy to interview her small son. Police helicopters and divers try to find Rivera´s body in the lake.	Naya Rivera is an American actress, who started her career when she was four years old. Most people know her for her role of a cheerleader , Santana Lopez, in the TV show ´Glee´. Rivera played in the show for six years, and she appeared in almost every episode. On Wednesday, Rivera rented a boat at Lake Piru near Los Angeles, California USA. She went on a trip with her four-year-old son. However, she did not return the boat. Police found the boat later, and only Rivera´s son was on board. The boy had a life vest on. Police found another life vest on the boat; however, Rivera was missing. Officials think that Rivera drowned , and police helicopters and divers are searching for her body.	‘Glee’ star, Naya Rivera, is missing after taking a boat trip with her four-year-old son. Shortly before disappearing on Lake Piru near Los Angeles, California, she posted a photo of her and her son. Officials said that the 33-year-old actress rented a boat on Wednesday afternoon at the lake, and later, police found her son alone on the boat. The boy had a life vest on, and an adult life vest was found on the boat, too. Police helicopters and divers are scouring the lake for any sign of the missing actress; however, officials presume that she has drowned . Rivera is best known for a role in the TV show ‘Glee’ where she played a cheerleader named Santana Lopez for six years.
A gang in Brazil rents a home. They build a tunnel. The tunnel leads from the home to a bank. It is 500 metres long. Police watch the gang. They find the tunnel. They arrest 16 men. The tunnel costs $1.27 million to build. The gang’s plan was to steal $317 million.	A Brazilian gang built a 500-metre-long tunnel. Police monitored the gang and found the tunnel. They arrested 16 men. The tunnel led from a rented home to a bank. It cost around $1.27 million to build, and the gang was planning to steal $317 million. More than ten years ago, a different gang in Brazil tunnelled into a bank vault and stole $70 million.	Police had been monitoring a Brazilian gang for three months before making a shocking discovery of an almost 500-metre-long tunnel. The police arrested 16 suspects before they could pull off the robbery of a branch of Banco do Brasil in Sao Paolo. The gang members allegedly told the police that they were planning to steal the equivalent of $317 million, far exceeding the building costs of $1.27 million of the tunnel built from a nearby rented home. More than ten years ago, a different gang in Brazil tunnelled into a bank vault and stole $70 million.
This news is from Colombia. Soldiers are in a jungle. One of them separates from the group. He gets lost. He is in the jungle for 23 days. He walks and looks for food. He eats plants, turtle meat and fruit. He drinks very little water. He thinks about his family. This keeps him going. He makes up his own rap songs, too. His fellow soldiers find him. Everybody is very happy. They give the soldier food and take him to hospital.	Three weeks ago, a soldier went missing in Colombia’s wilderness . He somehow separated from his group in an area known for heavy rebel activity. The soldier spent most days walking around looking for food. He survived on plants, turtle meat and fruit. He went days without water. He said that his family inspired him to go on. He even made up his own rap songs to keep himself going. After 23 days, his fellow soldiers were very happy when they found him. They gave him food and took him to hospital.	Finally found! Here’s the Colombian soldier who went missing for 23 days in the jungle. His fellow troops can be seen spoon-feeding this stray soldier after they found him alive and well after a jungle-wide search. Yeffer Sanchez went missing three weeks ago in the wilderness of Colombia’s Central Meta Province. He said that somehow he became separated from his unit while on patrol in an area known for heavy rebel activity. Weak and thin when he was discovered, he didn’t appear to have sustained any serious injuries. Speaking from the helicopter which was flying him to safety, Sanchez said he was grateful that his fellow comrades didn’t abandon the cause . The soldier said he spent most of his days walking around in search of a way out, and that he even resorted to making up his own rap songs to keep his spirits up. Surviving on plants, turtle meat and fruit, Sanchez said he went days without hydration . And he was met with applause when he returned to his base. He’ll undergo a medical and psychological test before being reunited with his family, who he says were the inspiration behind his survival.
A man climbs onto the Sydney Opera House. We don’t know why he does it. People think that he is protesting something. He is on the building for an hour. People watch him. They take pictures of him. Two officers talk to the man. They tell him to go down with them. People clap when the man comes down.	A man climbed onto the Sydney Opera House. It is unknown how he got up there or why. People think that he was protesting something. He was on top of the building for about an hour. People on the ground watched him and took pictures. Eventually , two officers talked the man down. People clapped as he was brought down to ground level.	A man, who’s thought to have been drunk, managed to climb to the top of one of the sails of the Sydney Opera House. It’s not known how he got up there or why, although it’s thought it may have been some kind of protest. The man was on top of the iconic building for about an hour, while people on the ground watched and took pictures before being moved away by police. He was eventually talked down by two officers, as police helicopters circled overhead. The man was attached to a harness and escorted down the famous Australian landmark and tourists clapped as he was brought down to ground level after the dramatic rescue. Police haven’t made a statement on the incident.
This story is about a Frenchman. He does something dangerous. He walks on a rope . The rope is 150 metres long. It is above the Seine River. This is the second time he does this. No one else ever did this. There is no net under the rope. Also, there is no safety rope. However, there are boats on the river. If the man falls, they help him. The man thinks positively . He does not think about falling.	A French tightrope walker crossed the Seine River. He walked on a 150 meter-long rope without a harness or safety net. However, some boats were close in case he fell into the water. The acrobat said that he focused on positive energy . He thought positively and about not falling. He even covered his eyes in the middle of the rope and lay down on the rope for a while. The people who were watching loved it. The man has been performing for 28 years. This was the second time he crossed the Seine River. No one else has ever done it.	A French tightrope walker has defied gravity by balancing 25 metres above the Seine River. Denis Josselin crossed the 150 meter-long rope without a harness or safety net, but police boats were on hand in case he lost his balance. This didn’t bother the acrobat though, as he’s found a way of overcoming his fear, saying he focuses on positive energy and positive thought, trying not to think about falling. He even tempted fate by covering his eyes halfway through the walk, as Parisian crowds watched on and cheered. Josselin, who has been performing for 28 years, claims to be the only tightrope walker to have walked above the Seine River, and this is the second time he’s done it.
Diego Maradona is a football legend . He comes from Argentina. All the world knows him. Maradona dies at the age of 60. He dies from a heart attack . Millions of football fans love Maradona. He is an excellent footballer. He helps Argentina win the World Cup in 1986. Maradona scores an amazing goal in a match against England. All football fans remember the goal even today. Maradona becomes a football star after 1986. But his private life is not so great. Maradona has big problems with drugs and alcohol. Sometimes he is not able to play. He ends his football career in 1997.	Diego Maradona was an Argentinian football legend . He died from a heart attack at the age of 60. Millions of football fans loved Maradona for his amazing football skills. He became a star after the 1986 World Cup when he helped Argentina win the cup. All the world was impressed by Maradona´s performance against England. He scored an amazing goal that many people still remember today. Maradona spoke about the goal as the ´Hand of God´. But Maradona´s private life was not so great. Maradona had problems with drugs and alcohol and several times, he was not allowed to play because of the problems. He stopped his football career in 1997.	Argentinian football legend Diego Maradona has died at the age of 60 after suffering a heart failure. Earlier this month, Maradona underwent a successful surgery of a blood clot on the brain. Maradona was widely regarded as one of the best footballers of all time, and he became a household name after Argentina´s 1986 World Cup win. His memorable performance against England, where he scored an iconic goal that he later described as the ´Hand of God´, eliminated England from the tournament. Later in the game, he scored one of the best goals in history after weaving his way past seven English defenders. Although Maradona was adored by millions, he struggled with drug and alcohol addiction and he received several bans for substance abuse before he retired from the pitch in 1997.
In London, two older women are waiting for a bus. A man comes up in his mobility scooter . He hits them and hurts them. People find that he is guilty of Actual Bodily Harm . The man goes to jail for two years.	In London, a 40-year-old man hit two older women with his mobility scooter while they were waiting for a bus. Courts convicted the man of Actual Bodily Harm and he went to jail for two years.	In south-east London last June, 40-year-old Aaron Ali hit two pensioners with his $12,000 mobility scooter while they waited for a bus. Courts convicted Ali of two counts of Actual Bodily Harm , and he went to jail for two years.
There is a special bird colony . People care for African penguins there. They take care of about 3,500 penguins. These birds are endangered . A doctor explains why. First, people take their eggs. They also take their poop to use for other things. Second, the penguins like to eat only two types of fish. Fishing and the weather change where the fish live. There are fewer of these fish now.  The penguins have less food to eat. However, there are more penguins now. People are helping them get better.	At a penguin colony , people care for about 3,500 African penguins. People have brought 700 penguins to the colony for rehabilitation since the birds are endangered. One doctor said that the penguins first became endangered because people were taking their guano and eggs, and now they are endangered because they do not have enough food. The fish that they eat are affected by fishing and changes in the climate. Luckily, the penguin population is growing back because of the extra care that people are giving the birds.	Hundreds of people came to see penguins at the beach! People had to rescue them because they were looking for different places to live to get away from people wanting to see them. At the Boulders Penguin Colony, people care for roughly 3,500 African penguins. People have brought 700 African penguins to the colony for rehabilitation as the birds are endangered. A doctor said that the penguins first became endangered due to guano harvesting and egg collecting, and they continue to suffer from a lack of food. They mainly eat sardines and anchovies which are affected by fishing and climate variation. Luckily, the penguin population has grown because of the extra care that people are giving the birds.
It rains a lot in Iran. The rain starts in March. There is too much water. Many parts of Iran are flooded . People are in danger. Thousands of them must leave. Seventy people die. The water destroys almost 2,000 cities and villages. The Red Crescent is an organisation in Iran. It helps the people. It helps them move. It gives them tents and blankets . The IFRC is another organisation. It helps people around the world. It sends Iran $500,000. However, Iran says it does not have the money. Iran says that this is because the USA is blocking Iran.	It started raining heavily in Iran in March. The rain caused flooding and destroyed almost 2,000 cities and villages. Thousands of people had to move, and at least 70 people died. Around 140 rivers burst their banks , there were landslides, and many things were damaged. It will cost hundreds of millions of dollars to repair everything. The Iranian Red Crescent is helping people by evacuating them and giving them tents, blankets and medicine. The IFRC (an international organisation which helps people) said that it sent Iran $500,000, but Iran says that it never got the money. The speaker of Iran’s Parliament said that it did not get a dollar because of American sanctions on Iran.	Heavy rainfall, which started in mid-March, led to non-stop flooding across Iran, destroying nearly 2,000 cities and villages. The rain displaced thousands of people and killed at least 70. An Iranian news agency said that some 140 rivers burst their banks. People reported hundreds of landslides, and hundreds of millions of dollars worth of damage to water and farming infrastructure . The Iranian Red Crescent Society said the ‘volunteers and staff evacuated hundreds of people to safety’ and it was handing out items like tents, blankets and health kits to thousands. However, because of US sanctions on Iran, help from the IFRC (International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies) has not been received. The aid network said that it sent Iran $500,000 but the speaker of Iran’s Parliament said that they didn’t get a dollar because of the American sanctions.
The movie “ Parasite” is nominated for the best international film at the  Oscars . This makes history for South Korea, the international film category, and international movies. This is the first South Korean movie to be nominated at the Oscars. Italian and French movies win the most awards at the Oscars. However, Polish, Hungarian, Iranian, Chilean, and Mexican movies win awards in the last five years. Many people who write about movies and regular people talk about “Parasite.” An expert says that this is unusual that this international movie is so popular. However, digital platforms help more people see international movies.	The South Korean movie “Parasite” is a possible winner for the best international film at the Oscars. The movie has made history for its country, award category, and the international film industry . “Parasite” is South Korea’s first nomination at the Oscars. Italy and France have won the most awards in the international film category, but Poland, Hungary, Iran, Chile, and Mexico have won awards in the last five years. Both critics and audiences are talking about the movie “Parasite.” A film professor said that it is unusual for a film like this to have so much hype . However, digital platforms have helped more people learn about international movies.	The South Korean movie “Parasite” is the top contender for the best international film at the Oscars; which means that it has made history for its country, award category, and the international film industry. “Parasite” is South Korea’s first-ever nomination at the Oscars, and usually, Western Europe dominates in this category. Italy and France have won the most awards in the international film category, although Poland, Hungary, Iran, Chile, and Mexico have won awards in the last five years. Both critics and audiences are talking about the movie “Parasite” and it is unusual for so many people to be excited about an international film. A film professor said that it is rare for a film like this to make it mainstream media , but digital platforms have helped more people learn about movies from around the world.
Many medical organizations around the world want to make a coronavirus vaccine . They want to make it fast. They work very hard. A company that makes a vaccine can make a lot of money. Hackers attack some medical organizations. Hackers get into their computer systems. They want to steal information about coronavirus vaccines. This week, the US, UK, and Canada say that Russia makes the cyberattacks . Russia does not want to stop the research. However, Russia wants to steal information. Nobody really knows if Russia steals some information. However, the three countries say that the hackers work for the Russian government. The hackers try to influence US politics in the past. Russian officials say that this is not true.	Recently, there have been a number of cyberattacks on medical organizations. These organizations are trying to make coronavirus vaccines. On Thursday, the US, UK, and Canada said that Russia tried to steal information on coronavirus vaccines. However, the three countries believe that Russia does not want to stop the research. It is not clear if Russia stole some information or not. However, the three countries said that they knew who made the cyberattacks. They said that it was a group called APT29. The group is a part of the Russian government, and some countries believe that the group tried to influence the US presidential elections in 2016. Russian officials said that Russia did not make the attacks and that other countries wanted to influence what people think about Russia.	Several countries have accused Russia of trying to steal information on potential coronavirus vaccines. On Thursday, the US, UK, and Canada said that ongoing cyberattacks by Russia are targeting organizations which are involved in vaccine development. The three countries believe that there is an effort to steal the research rather than to disrupt it. It is unclear if any information has been stolen; however, the three nations said that the group which is involved in the cyberattacks operates as a part of Russian intelligence services, and it probably interfered in the 2016 US presidential elections. Russian officials denied that Russia was involved in the cyberattacks and that the claims were an attempt to damage the reputation of Russian medical research.
People in Nigeria protest against the police. This means they say that they are not happy. SARS is in Nigeria. SARS is a special police unit . It starts in 1992. Many people say that SARS is not good. SARS is aggressive . SARS officers use very strong force. People in Nigeria protest against SARS. A calm protest takes place on October 20 th . Protesters make videos on their phones. People are sitting and singing. Some people are holding Nigerian flags . But someone shoots a gun. Protesters make videos of soldiers. Officials say that there are no soldiers. It makes people very angry. SARS ends in October. A new police unit starts. People worry. They do not believe that anything will change.	People in Nigeria protested against police brutality . The people´s anger increased after a recent incident when the military shot at protesters. The protest took place on October 20 th, and it was quite peaceful. Protesters shot videos of people sitting on the ground. They were singing and waving Nigerian flags. Then it was possible to hear some shooting in the background. Some videos showed soldiers, but the Nigerian army said that there were no soldiers at the place. In the past three years, there have been more than 80 stories of police brutality. There was a special police unit called SARS, and it often used brutality to get information from people. Officials broke up SARS in early October, and they made a new police unit. A lot of people do not believe that this will stop police brutality.	In Nigeria, the uproar over police brutality has reached a boiling point after the military allegedly shot at peaceful protesters on October 20 th . However, government officials claimed that there were no casualties. Videos shot by protesters caught the sound of shooting as protesters sat on the ground chanting and waving Nigerian flags. A video also shows a soldier kicking at a barricade . However, the Nigerian army denied that there had been any soldiers at the scene. In the past three years, Amnesty International recorded more than 80 incidents of police brutality, and they say that the Special Anti-Robbery Squad, SARS, routinely used torture and brutality to get information from victims. SARS was disbanded in early October; however, protesters say that it will not solve the problem because the same officers will be moved to other newly formed units.
A school collapses . It is in Nigeria. The building is now rubble . Many children are trapped there. People try to save them. Sadly, incidents like this happen often in Nigeria.	A school in Lagos, Nigeria collapsed . Many children were trapped inside. People are looking for the children in the rubble . We do not know why the building collapsed. Sadly, buildings often collapse in Nigeria.	A building containing a primary school collapsed in the Nigerian city of Lagos, leaving many children trapped inside. Rescue teams are searching the rubble for the missing pupils. The cause of the collapse is unknown, but sadly, such incidents are common in Nigeria.
A man is at a hospital. He is very confused . He is 68 years old. The hospital is in Minnesota. The man attacks the nurses there. He tries to hit them with a metal bar . He injures four medical workers. People call the police. They stop and arrest the man. However, he is not well. He goes back to hospital, and he dies there.	A 68 year-old man attacked nurses with a metal bar at a hospital in Minnesota. He injured four medical workers. People called police officers to the scene and they tasered the man. They arrested him, but soon moved him back to the hospital because he was not well. He died there. Doctors admitted the man to the hospital because he was delusional and confused . The cause of his death is under investigation.	This frightening video footage shows a man attacking nurses at a hospital in Minnesota on Sunday. Maplewood Police released the CCTV showing 68-year-old Charles Emmett Logan burst into a nursing station and attack the nurses with a metal bar, leaving four medical workers injured. The security system video captured Logan chasing nurses, beating them with the bar, part of medical equipment. Police officers who were called on the scene shot Logan with a taser after he refused to drop the metal bar. He was tackled and handcuffed, but soon went limp , and was rushed back to the hospital, where he was pronounced dead. The officials said Logan was admitted to the hospital after suffering bouts of confusion and delusions . The cause of death is under investigation.
A ship sinks in 1857. It sinks in the Atlantic Ocean. The ship sinks because of a hurricane. There are 21 tons of gold on the ship. Some people find the ship. They move some gold from the ship. They find five gold bars . These bars are 1,000 ounces (28.3 kilograms) heavy. They are worth 1.3 million dollars. They also find two coins. The coins are from the 19 th century. They are worth $5,000 each.	A company found treasure in the Atlantic Ocean. The company recovered it from a shipwreck, and the treasure is worth about 1.3 million dollars. The ship had 21 tons of gold aboard at the time of its sinking in 1857. The sinking was caused by a hurricane off the coast of South Carolina. The company in Florida said that it recovered five gold bars from the ship. The bars totalled 1,000 ounces (28.3 kilograms) in weight. The company also picked up two 20 dollar gold pieces which are from the mid-1800s. The coins will be sold at an average price of $5,000 from collectors.	About 1.3 million dollars’ worth of treasure has been recovered from a shipwreck in the Atlantic Ocean. A deep-ocean exploration company in Florida says it has recovered nearly 1,000 ounces (28.3 kilograms) of gold from the ship which had 21 tons of gold aboard at the time of its sinking in 1857. The dive confirmed the ship had not been disturbed since 1991 when another company stopped recovery work. “During the first reconnaissance dive, we actually picked up several gold items. We had five gold bars that totalled 1,000 ounces in weight. We also picked up two mid-1800s 20 dollar gold pieces.” The two $20 Double Eagle coins discovered are said to fetch an average of $5,000 from collectors. The sinking, caused by a hurricane off the coast of South Carolina, sparked a huge financial crisis in America, dubbed the Panic of 1857, which lasted several years.
In Canada, two birds build a nest . They build it on top of a very tall tower. It is 30 metres tall! The tower has power  cables all over it. A bear sees the nest. It wants to look in it. The bear climbs the tower! This is dangerous. The birds peck at the bear. The bear does not stop until it gets to the top. A woman films the bear. It comes back down. It calmly walks away.	In Canada, a bear climbed a 30-metre utility tower to look in a raven ’s nest. Despite the danger of the height, the power cables, or the ravens pecking at the bear, the bear got to the top. A woman filmed the bear’s climb. She said that after the bear returned to the ground, it casually walked away.	A video posted on social media captured the moment that a bear reached the top of a tall utility tower to approach a birds’ nest in the Canadian town of Fort Smith. The video shows the bear gripping the top of the 30-metre tower as it hovered its head over the nest, ignoring the power cables surrounding it. A woman who captured the moment on camera said that ravens were croaking loudly during the bear’s ascent and descent. After the intruder reached the ground, it casually strolled away.
The World Health Organisation sends out new guidelines . The guidelines are for children’s parents. The guidelines say what many parents already know. The guidelines say that children should move more. They should sit less. Children should get enough sleep. Children between 1 to 4 years old should move three hours a day or more. Babies younger than 1 year old should move some times of the day, too. Children between 2 to 4 years old should not watch an electronic screen more than one hour a day. Children younger than 2 years old should not look at electronic screens at all.	The World Health Organisation sent out new guidelines on physical activity and sleep for children under 5. The guidelines repeat what many parents already know. Children should move more, sit less, and get enough sleep to grow up healthy. Children between the ages of 1 and 4 years old should move at least three hours a day. Babies younger than 1 year old should move several times a day. The WHO says that children between 2 and 4 years old should not spend more than an hour a day watching an electronic screen . Children younger than 2 years old should not look at electronic screens at all.	The World Health Organisation issued new guidelines on physical activity and sleep for children under 5. The guidelines overall echo what many parents have been saying for years. Generally, children should move more, sit less and get enough quality sleep so that they grow up physically and mentally healthy. Children between the ages of 1 and 4 should spend at least three hours a day in a variety of physical activities, and infants less than 1 year old should also be physically active several times a day. The WHO says that kids between 2 and 4 years old should not spend more than an hour a day watching an electronic screen, and kids younger than that should not be looking at them at all.
This news is about a planet. It is Mercury. It passes between Earth and the Sun. This happens on Monday. You can see it from the Americas, Europe, Africa, and Asia. You can watch it for 7 hours. Mercury is in front of the Sun. It looks like a small black circle. It does not cover the Sun. You must be careful . You have to protect your eyes when you look. The Sun can hurt your eyes. Looking into the Sun is dangerous. Mercury passes between Earth and the Sun 13 times every century. It passes again on November 11th, 2019.	On Monday, Mercury passed directly between Earth and the Sun. You could see it from the Americas, Europe, Africa and much of Asia. The transition lasted 7 hours. The phenomenon happens 13 times every century. The last time it happened was 10 years ago in 2006 and the next time will be on November 11th, 2019. The planet looked like a small black spot and it covered only a very small part of the sun, but looking at the sun with unprotected eyes can be very dangerous.	This may just look like another sun spot or solar  flare but it is, in fact, something much more rare. This dark circle, moving across the sun, is the planet Mercury. The planet passes directly between Earth and the sun about 13 times every century. The last time this happened was 10 years ago in 2006 and the next time will be on November 11th ,2019. So who could see this rare phenomenon ? This year’s transit was visible for most of the earth, including the Americas, Europe, Africa and much of Asia. And this isn’t a “blink or you’ll miss it” phenomenon, the transition lasted 7 hours. Experts warned those looking for the planet to be careful. Mercury’s black disc only covered a tiny proportion of the sun and looking at the sun with unprotected eyes can be very dangerous. But those with the right equipment enjoyed this rare event, and those who didn’t will have to wait at least another three years.
This news is about four British women. They row across the Pacific Ocean. They travel 13,600 kilometres. It takes them nine months. They meet with whales and sharks. They row through a storm , too. They start in San Francisco, and they finish in Cairns, Australia. Their family and friends wait for them there. Everybody is happy to meet again. The trip raises money for charity.	Four British women became the first all-female team to row across the Pacific Ocean. They spent nine months at sea and rowed 13,600 kilometres. In April 2015, they set off from San and on 25 January 2016, they arrived in Cairns, Australia. Their family and friends waited for them there, and they were very happy to see them. On the way, the women encountered heavy storms, whales and sharks. The long trip raised money for charity.	They spent 257 days at sea and they made history! Four British women have become the first all-female team to row across the Pacific Ocean. The Coxless Crew spent nine months at sea, rowing 8,446 miles (13,600 km). They set off from San Francisco in April, 2015 and arrived in Cairns in Australia on 25 January, 2016. On the way, they encountered heavy storms and humpback whales. “We’ve had sharks circling, we had a couple of sharks that followed us for a few weeks.” The team consisted of three permanent members and three others who each rowed part of the way. The journey saw them make a landfall twice – in Hawaii and Samoa, for up to a week to restock  supplies . Rowing in pairs in two-hour shifts, they slept for only about 90 minutes at a time. They were greeted by family and friends with hugs and cheers. “It was amazing to see them, and I’m sure even more amazing for them to know that we’re here and we’re not going back on that boat!” It was all in aid of charity raising money for Walking with the Wounded and Breast Cancer Care. Even though it did take three months longer th an planned, they set two records as the first team of women and the first team of four to cross the Pacific Ocean.
Big Ben is a famous building in the UK. It is 160 years old. It must be maintained . People start to work on it in 2017. For many years, people paint the numbers and the hands of the clock black. This week, people show some of the work. They show that the numbers and the hands are blue now. This is the original colour. The work is going to continue until 2021. The roof must be fixed. People must protect the building from water.	Big Ben is a famous symbol of the UK. It is 160 years old and needs to be maintained . A lot of renovation started in 2017. In the past, people always painted the clock’s hands and numbers black. Last Thursday, people could see a big change – the hands and numbers are blue. This type of blue is called Prussian blue, and it is the original colour. The surfaces on the clock are also new and shiny . The work will continue until 2021. The tower needs a new roof and better protection from water.	Big Ben is the UK’s most iconic symbol. Since 2017, the Elizabeth Tower and the distinctive sound of Big Ben (the bell inside) have been undergoing renovation . The structure is 160 years old and has needed maintenance work throughout its lifetime. For many years, people always painted the hands and numbers of the clock black, but last Thursday, the workers revealed the clock’s original colour of Prussian blue. The new surfaces are made from stones, silver, gold and glass. The renovation work, which will continue until 2021, will also redo the roof and see that the stone inside is protected from water. The work is far from finished, but this week gave people an idea of what the tower will look like when all is finished.
Prince Harry and Meghan have a baby. He is a boy. His name is Archie. They show him to the world. Archie’s full name is Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor. People want to know what his name means. ‘Archie’ means ‘ brave ’ or ‘ genuine ’. Harrison means ’son of Harry’. ‘Mountbatten-Windsor’ is a combination of names. ‘Mountbatten’ is the name of Prince Philip’s family. ‘Windsor’ is the name of the Queen’s family. ‘Prince Philip is Archie’s great-grandfather and the Queens’ husband.	Prince Harry and Meghan showed the world their son Archie last Wednesday. His full name is Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor. He is a famous royal baby; people analyse his name. They do not find any connection between Harry’s or Meghan’s families and the name ‘Archie’. ‘Archie’ can mean ‘ brave ’ or ‘ genuine ’. Harrison probably means ‘son of Harry’. ‘Mountbatten-Windsor’ was created in 1960 when Archie’s great-grandparents, Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, married. Harry and Meghan are not doing everything traditionally. For example, they do not let people take photographs right after Archie was born. They wait a few days.	Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, introduced their son Archie to the world last Wednesday. His full name is Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor. The media has not yet found a connection either between Prince Harry’s or Meghan’s families and the name Archie. They say that the name can mean ‘brave’, ‘ bold ’ or ‘ genuine ’, so it may be fitting to be simply the baby’s own name. Harrison probably means ’son of Harry’ and Mountbatten-Windsor is the surname which was created when Archie’s great-grandparents, Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, married in 1960. Harry and Meghan have broken some royal traditions – for example, they chose to keep their family affairs private, did not give their son a courtesy title , or posed for photographs a few days after the baby was born.
This news is from the south of Japan. There are two earthquakes . Nine people die. The earthquakes injure hundreds of people. 44,000 people evacuate . They evacuate to schools. Some people do not evacuate. They are still afraid. They are afraid to stay at home. They sleep outside. They wake up. They see broken roads and houses. These earthquakes are less strong than the earthquake in 2011. However, these earthquakes hit close to people. More than 3,000 soldiers, policemen and firemen help in the area. There can be smaller earthquakes.	Two earthquakes hit southwestern Japan. They killed at least 9 people and injured hundreds more. More than 44,000 people evacuated to schools and community centres. Many people chose to spend the night outdoors despite the cold. They woke up to cracked roads and damaged houses. The magnitude of the earthquakes was lower than that of the 2011 earthquake, but these earthquakes struck on land and not at sea. There was not a tsunami, either, which would take many more lives. More than 3,000 soldiers, policemen and firemen are helping in the area. Experts warned that there might be smaller earthquakes.	Southwestern Japan has been hit by two major earthquakes, killing at least 9 people and injuring hundreds more. The initial magnitude 6.0 tremor struck 7 miles east of the city of Kumamoto at around 9:30 p.m. Another 6.4 magnitude quake hit the same place slightly after midnight. More than 44,000 people have been evacuated to schools and community centres. Many chose to spend the night outdoors despite the cold, waking up to cracked roads, crumbled houses and fallen roof tiles. While the magnitude was much lower than that of the 2011 quake that triggered a tsunami and nuclear meltdowns at Fukushima, the intensity was similar because the quake struck on land and at a much shallower depth. In this case, the absence of a tsunami and Japan’s strict building codes helped keep the death toll down. Many iconic buildings like this one, Kumamoto castle, were badly damaged in the earthquake. Parts of the castle’s signature stone walls collapsed in the aftermath . More than 3,000 troops , police and firemen were dispatched to the area from around Japan. Experts have warned more aftershocks could occur over the next week.
Colombia is in a war. The war is 52 years long. It is the Colombian government versus Marxist rebels. More than 220,000 people die in this war. Millions of people are displaced . The Colombian President works to end the war. People give him a Nobel Peace Prize for his work. He says that it is not just for him. It is for all Colombians.	Colombia has been in a war for the last 52 years. It is the Colombian government versus Marxist rebels. More than 220,000 people died in this civil war, and millions were displaced . Juan Manuel Santos, the Colombian President, promised to end this war. People gave him the 2016 Nobel Peace Prize for his work. In his speech, he said that the prize is not for him but for all Colombians, especially the millions of victims .	The Colombian president, Juan Manuel Santos, has promised to end the country’s 52-year-war with Marxist rebels, in which more than 220,000 people died and millions have been displaced over the years. For his resolute  efforts to bring the country’s civil war to an end, he won the 2016 Nobel Peace Prize. It comes after Colombians voted “no” to an agreement to be signed between Colombia and the Marxist rebels. In his speech, Juan Manuel Santos said that the prize is not for him but for all Colombians, especially the millions of victims.
Office chair racing is from Japan. This year, people organise it overseas for the first time. They organise it in Taiwan. People are happy about the event. It is a lot of fun. Hundreds of people race. One man dresses in a Dragon Ball costume . He wants to show respect to Japan. He also wants to give out positive energy. This sport is fun, but it is not easy. It can make you tired. One person says that it is good to listen to music before the race. The music warms you up.	Hundreds of competitors took part in an office chair race in Taiwan. It is not an Olympic sport yet, but people were pretty excited about the event. People first held the event in Japan seven years ago, and this was the first time people organised it overseas. One participant dressed up in a Dragon Ball costume to honour the Japanese origins and to give out positive energy. It is all fun and games, but office chair racing is a lot more difficult than it looks. One competitor said that it was very tiring and that you should listen to music to warm yourself up for the big event.	It may not be an Olympic sport yet, but office chair racing has hit Taiwan with a vengeance . Hundreds of competitors geared up to wheel themselves to the finishing line in this office chair race in Taiwan, and spectators watched on in suspense , cheering on participants as they manoeuvred across the streets of Tainan. The rather niche event originated in Japan seven years ago, but this one was organised by Tainan shop owners to draw more attention to their district, making it the first time it’s been held overseas. And, judging by the crowds and the cheers, it may have just paved the way to a new tradition. This participant said he dressed up in Dragon Ball costumes to honour the Japanese origins of the event and give out a positive energy. And, despite the fun and games, it’s supposedly a lot more difficult than it looks. This competitor says it’s very tiring and that you should listen to music to warm yourself up for the big event. And, from the looks of it, everyone had a “ wheely ” good time.
There is an explosion in a café. The café is in the south of Spain. It is close to Malaga. Malaga is popular with tourists. It happens around 7 pm. The explosion injures seventy-seven people. Five people are injured seriously. The explosion is  caused by a gas cylinder . Moments before the explosion, the cafe’s chef warns people.	An explosion in Spain injured more than 77 people. Five people were injured seriously. The explosion took place around 7 pm local time. People think that a gas cylinder caused it. People say that the cafe’s chef raised the alarm a moment before the explosion. The incident happened in the south of Spain, close to the popular tourist resort of Malaga.	In an explosion in Spain, more than 77 people have been injured. The blast took place around 7 pm local time and people think a gas cylinder caused it. People say that the cafe’s chef raised the alarm a moment before the explosion. Emergency services confirmed that five people were being treated for serious injuries. The incident happened in the south of Spain, close to the popular tourist resort of Malaga.
The coronavirus or COVID-19 starts in China nine months ago. The number of people dead from COVID-19 reaches one million now. More than 33 million people get sick in all of the world. The situation is very serious. The leader of United Nations speaks in public . He says that people and countries must help each other. One million is a very big number. People stop thinking about every single life. However, every dead person is somebody´s family or friend. Nobody knows when people will stop the sickness. However, it helps if people follow governments´ rules. It is important not to go to crowded places. People must wear masks and wash their hands.	The number of people who have died from COVID-19 in the world reached one million. The disease broke out nine months ago in Wuhan, China. Since that time, more than 33 million people got sick with the disease. António Guterres is the secretary general of the United Nations. On September 22nd, he appealed for solidarity among nations. He said that solidarity was important to win the fight with COVID-19. Guterres said that it was impossible to think clearly of one million dead people. However, they were somebody´s family or friends. Coronavirus has touched the life of almost every person in the world, and it is not clear when it will end. It is important to follow governments´ rules, wear masks, and wash hands. This will help stop the disease.	COVID-19´s death count has surpassed one million globally, which makes it a milestone that comes just nine months after the disease first emerged in China. Since that moment, more than 33 million people have been diagnosed with the coronavirus, across nearly every country. António Guterres, the secretary-general of the United Nations, called for solidarity in fighting the virus. He said that the figure was mind-numbing ; however, it was necessary to keep thinking of each individual life. Guterres pointed out that the world could overcome COVID-19 if all nations cooperated and learned from mistakes. Almost every person in the world has been affected by the pandemic; however, it seems that it has not drawn people any closer. In his speech, Guterres said that the disease had no immediate end in sight. Therefore, social distancing, wearing masks, and washing hands were important in order to prevent more loss.
A plane is in the air. It is flying from the United Arab Emirates to Jakarta. Turbulence hits the plane. It scares the people. The plane moves from side to side. The people cry and pray . The turbulence injures thirty people. Some of them have broken bones. The plane gets to Jakarta. It lands there safely. People check the plane. Nine people from the plane are still in hospital.	A plane was flying from the Emirati capital Abu Dhabi to Jakarta in Indonesia when turbulence hit. Nobody expected it, and the plane rocked from side to side. It scared the people on the packed plane. They prayed and cried. The turbulence injured more than 30 of them. Many suffered broken bones and, according to reports, nine of those hurt are still in hospital. The plane safely landed in Jakarta and people inspected it. They say that most turbulence accidents happen at 9.1 kilometres or above. It can be hard to know when turbulence is coming, and your seat belt may not always help you.	Terrifying footage shows passengers on a packed plane praying and crying as it experiences severe and unexpected turbulence, rocking it from side to side. More than 30 people travelling on the Etihad Airways flight to Indonesia were injured when the plane suddenly hit turbulence. Many suffered broken bones and, according to reports, nine of those hurt are still in hospital. Passengers can be seen raising their hands in the air as they fear for the unknown. The plane was flying from the Emirati capital of Abu Dhabi to Jakarta in Indonesia yesterday and it did land safely. It was about 45 minutes away from Jakarta, flying over Sumatra, when the turbulence hit. It’s understood officials from the airport and Indonesian National Transportation Safety Committee have inspected the plane. The Federal Aviation Administration says that most turbulence accidents happen at 30,000 feet (9.1 kilometres) or above. It can be hard to predict and the injuries it causes cannot always be prevented by wearing seat belts.
It is dry in Australia. Due to the dry weather, there are more orphaned joeys . One organisation is helping 378 joeys now. Two years ago, it was only 270. It is not cheap to take care of a joey. The organisation needs help. It needs more money. It needs around $40,000.	In the Canberra region in Australia, there are more orphaned joeys because of long, dry weather. One organisation said that it had 378 kangaroos come into care in the last financial year. Two years ago, it only had 270 kangaroos. The orphans need special milk to keep them alive in the first 18 months of life. Rehabilitating and raising one single joey costs 500 Australian Dollars (around 350 USD). The charity needs to raise around $40,000 to be able to deal with more of the joeys.	The Canberra region in Australia has been experiencing an increase in the number of orphaned joeys and malnourished animals due to prolonged droughts . Philip Machin, President of Wildcare, which is a volunteer organisation dedicated to rescue, rehabilitation and release of Australian native wildlife, said that it had 378 kangaroos come into care in the last financial year. Two years ago, it only had 270 kangaroos. The orphans require a special blend of milk to keep them alive in the first 18 months of life, and rehabilitating and raising a single joey costs 500 Australian Dollars (around 350 USD). The wildlife charity needs to raise around $40,000 to be able to cope with the increased demand.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a famous soccer star. He is 35 years old. He plays as a forward for Juventus. He is the captain of the Portuguese soccer team. Cristiano Ronaldo has COVID-19. He does not have any symptoms . He is feeling good. But he stays away from other people. He is the third person of the Portuguese team with COVID-19. All other players must go get a test this week. Their results are good. They do not have COVID-19. Ronaldo plays against France last weekend. However, Ronaldo cannot play against Sweden on Wednesday. He also cannot play for Juventus in the upcoming matches with Crotone and Dynamo Kyiv.	Cristiano Ronaldo is 35 years old, and he is one of the best soccer players in the world. He plays as a forward for Juventus and he is the captain of the Portugal national soccer team. Ronaldo has won the player of the year five times. On Tuesday, the Portuguese Football Federation announced that Ronaldo was positive for COVID-19. On Sunday, he played in a match against France; however, he missed Wednesday´s match against Sweden. The Portuguese team underwent tests, and they all tested negative for COVID-19. Ronaldo is the third member of the Portuguese team who got sick with COVID-19. He is currently in quarantine , and he is feeling good.	Portugal soccer star Cristiano Ronaldo has tested positive for COVID-19. According to a statement of Portugal´s Football Federation, the 35-year-old forward is feeling good, and he has no symptoms. Ronaldo, who currently plays for Juventus, is in isolation and he missed Wednesday´s UEFA match against Sweden. The rest of the Portuguese team has undergone tests; however, they all tested negative for COVID-19, and they will be available for the next match. Ronaldo is the five times world player of the year, and he is one of soccer´s biggest and richest stars. On Sunday, he appeared in his side´s nil draw to France, and on Wednesday´s nil draw in a friendly match with Spain. The former Real Madrid player is the third member of the Portugal squad to test positive for COVID-19.
Russia is a very big country. Some people live in remote areas. This can make things difficult. Some people cannot go to church. It is too far for them. One priest helps these people. He turns a bus into a mobile church. The bus has everything like a normal church. The priest travels once a week. More and more people come to his church.	Russia is a very big country and some people live in remote areas which can make things difficult; for some people a journey to the nearest church is simply too far. One priest in the Tatarstan Republic turned a bus into a mobile church. He travels once a week and more and more people attend his services. The bus is decorated with things that you would normally find in a church.	A bus turned into a mobile church brings hop-on services to Christians living in remote villages in Russia’s Tatarstan Republic. For many worshippers, a journey to the nearest church is simply too far, and that is why Father Andrei Streblov created a mobile version. He said that he used to travel with a tent, but bad weather made that difficult. Additionally, the bus is decked out with icons , an altar and spires – just like a regular church. He travels once a week and the number of people there attending his services is increasing.
Hamza bin Laden is Osama bin Laden’s son. He officially becomes a member of Al-Qaeda in 2015. The US government offers $1 million for information on Hamza bin Laden’s whereabouts . In July, some people say that he is dead. However, The White House does not confirm this . Last Saturday, the White House confirms that he is dead.	Hamza bin Laden is Osama bin Laden’s son. He officially became a member of Al-Qaeda in 2015. The State Department is the department in the US government which deals with foreign affairs . Earlier this year, the department offered a $1 million reward for information on Hamza bin Laden’s whereabouts . In July people reported Hamza bin Laden’s death, but The White House confirmed it only last Saturday. The White House said that bin Laden died in the Afghanistan-Pakistan area.	Hamza bin Laden, Osama bin Laden’s son, was officially announced as a member of Al-Qaeda in 2015. In 2016, he released an audio message calling for Syrian jihadists to take action to liberate Palestinians. He also threatened to revenge against the USA after the death of his father. Earlier this year, the State Department, which is the department in the US government dealing with foreign affairs, offered a $1 million reward for information on Hamza bin Laden’s whereabouts . People reported his death in July, but it was not confirmed until last Saturday. The White House said in a statement that he was killed in a US counter-terrorism operation in the Afghanistan-Pakistan region. It went on to say that bin Laden’s death deprived Al-Qaeda of important leadership skills and the symbolic connection to his father.
People organise a march . It is a white nationalist march in Virginia, USA. Some people do not like the march. They protest against it. A car hits those people. It hurts nineteen people. It kills a woman. A camera films the attack. Police arrest the driver of the car. He is 20 years old. He is from Ohio.	People were protesting a white nationalist march in a town in Virginia. A car drove into the people. It hurt nineteen people and killed a woman. A camera filmed the moment of the attack. The driver of the car is 20 years old and he is from Ohio. Police arrested him. President Trump condemned the attack and called for peace.	A camera caught the moment that a car rammed into a crowd of people in a town in Virginia, USA. The people were protesting a white nationalist march, and nineteen of them were injured while a 32-year-old woman was killed. President Trump condemned the attack, the violent protests preceding it, and he called for calm. Police arrested 20-year-old James Alex Fields, Jr, from Ohio in connection with the incident.
Burger King is a fast food restaurant. It is in many countries. It is in Japan. The Japanese Burger King sold a perfume. It is called “Flame Grilled”. You could buy it only for one day. You could buy it on April 1st. It cost 28 pounds. The perfume was unisex. This means that it was for both sexes – for both men and women.	Burger King restaurants in Japan released a perfume on April Fools’ Day . They called it “Flame Grilled”. However, the perfume was not a joke. Burger King actually sold it for 28 pounds. The perfume was unisex – both men and women could use it. You could buy the perfume only for one day, and there was a limited supply of 1,000 bottles.	Burger King restaurants in Japan have released a unisex  fragrance on April Fools’ Day which they’ve called “Flame-Grilled”. “ Yum ! No Whopper , no wife!” “You smell sexy, just like Whopper!” Yeah, apparently , it’s not a joke either – the perfume was made over six months and it’ll cost you 28 pounds. But, fear not, you do get a free Whopper with it. The company’s brand manager in Japan, Kana, said the fragrance should appeal to both men and women. “We want women who like meat to wear this, and men who want to smell sexy and wild should definitely wear it, as well!” The fast food chain is selling 1,000 bottles of this spicy scent for one day only across its Japanese branches.
There is technology which can identify human faces. It is controversial . Many people do not like it. The technology can make problems for people. Amazon wants new laws for this technology. The leader of Amazon says that this technology can be very good for people. However, he also says that it can be dangerous. People in Amazon write a special document about some of the problems.  They want the technology to be safe for people. They want it to be transparent .	There is technology which recognizes faces, and Amazon wants to regulate this technology. Amazon´s CEO, Jeff Bezos, wants to present the new rules in the US government. He thinks that this technology is good, but it can be dangerous, too. Critics say that people can have unfair treatment because of this technology. Amazon wrote a document that explains some of the problems. Amazon wants to convince lawmakers to make it a part of the country´s laws. It is important that this technology protects people and is transparent .	Amazon is working on rules about technology which can recognize a person’s face. Amazon’s CEO, Jeff Bezos, says that his team is working on these rules that he wants to present to Congress. Bezos believes that facial recognition has many benefits, but there is also danger that it can be abused . Critics worry that the technology could lead to discrimination and violation of human rights . In February, Amazon released rules for the new technology which could become a part of federal legislation. The technology must protect civil rights and all activities must be transparent.
A Dutch ship sails in the North Sea near Norway. Smaller boats are on board . Then the ship gets into trouble. There is a big storm. The wind is strong. The waves are very big. The ship starts to move from side to side. Its engine stops working. It is a very dangerous situation. 12 people are on board. Some people jump into the water. It is not safe to stay on board. Rescuers help all 12 people. Then they are safe. Now the ship is still at sea. It starts to move closer to the Norwegian coast. It is possible that the ship will sink . Oil can get in the sea. Rescuers must save the ship.	On Monday, a Dutch cargo ship got in trouble in a storm in the North Sea. Large waves and strong winds made the ship move from side to side, and its main engine stopped working. There were 12 people on board and some of them jumped into the water because it was too dangerous to stay on board. Rescuers took all 12 people to safety, but the ship stayed at sea, and it started to move towards the Norwegian coast. The ship was 111 meters long and it carried smaller boats. Some of the cargo ended up in the water and there was a high risk that the ship would sink , and oil from the ship would get in the sea.	Footage posted by the Norwegian Coast Guard showed the dramatic rescue of 12 crew members after a vessel was in trouble in rough weather in the North Sea. Crew on board the Dutch cargo ship Eemsligt Hendrika made a distress call on Monday, after stormy weather displaced some of its cargo. Rough seas caused the vessel to tilt and its engines failed. Some of the crew had to jump into the water, leaving the abandoned vessel adrift. However, they were airlifted from the sea while others were rescued from the ship´s deck. The 111-meter-long Netherlands-registered ship was transporting smaller yachts, and it started to drift towards the shore. Teams were working to prevent the vessel from capsizing and sinking, which could cause a large oil spill.
This news is about a little girl. She is five years old. She lives in a terrible flat. The flat is full of trash . There are pieces of broken furniture. There is no water or electricity. Dirt is on the walls. The girl is in hospital now. People give her food. She does not want to eat. She cannot speak. She cannot sleep in a bed. She is afraid of water. The police arrest her mother.	In a Moscow apartment, a 5-year-old girl lived in squalor because of her mother’s neglect . The girl lived in trash , pieces of furniture, and dirt-covered walls. There was no water and electricity because the mother did not pay the bills. The girl is now in hospital. When people gave her food, she did not eat. Also, the girl does not know how to sleep in a bed. She is afraid of water, too. Also, the girl does not know how to speak. Police arrested the mother.	In Moscow, a 5-year-old girl lived in squalor in an apartment due to her mother’s neglect . The girl lived with trash all around her, the furniture was smashed, and dirt covered the walls. There was no water and electricity as the mother had not paid the bills. The girl is now in hospital. A spokesperson for children’s rights said that the girl would not eat the food that people offered her, but she would smell it and hold it. She said that the girl needs to learn how to sleep in a bed and is also afraid of water. Another person said that the girl appears to not know how to speak. Police arrested the mother and are investigating the situation.
A top Islamic preacher in Bangladesh dies. The coronavirus is in Bangladesh. The government stops public meetings. However, 100,000 people come to the funeral . People want to show their respect to the preacher. Organizers of the funeral are surprised. They do not think that so many people can come. They want to have a small funeral. They want to follow the government´s rules. Many people are angry with the government. The government must stop public meetings. However, local police cannot stop the people. There are too many of them. In Bangladesh, there are almost 2,500 people with the coronavirus. 91 people die. However, officials say that the real numbers can be higher. Medical workers need more testing kits .	Around 100,000 people came to a funeral of a top Islamic preacher in Bangladesh. There is a lockdown in the country because of the coronavirus, and people must not come to places where there are many other people. However, local police could not stop the crowds because people wanted to show their respect to the popular preacher. People were angry at the government because officials were not able to stop the event. One of the organizers said that the idea was to have a small funeral, and to respect the government´s rules. The organizers did not expect that so many people would come. There are almost 2,500 people with the coronavirus in Bangladesh, and 91 people have died. Officials say that the number could be much higher because there are not enough testing kits .	An estimated 100,000 people attended a funeral of a top Islamic preacher in Bangladesh last weekend. People turned up despite a nationwide lockdown that bans large gatherings there. Local police said that they were helpless to stop the crowds who came to honor the popular cleric . The government has been criticized for failing to stop the event in the Brahmanbaria district. One of the organizers said that he wanted to make arrangements for a small funeral following the government´s guidelines on health and safety; however, people gathered to show their respect without organizers´ knowledge. There are almost 2,500 people with the coronavirus in the country, and 91 reported deaths. However, according to officials, the actual numbers of confirmed cases are probably higher due to the lack of testing kits. The nationwide lockdown should end on April 25.
A fire starts in Dubai. The fire is in a tall building. The building is close to the world’s tallest skyscraper . The building is 302 metres tall. The fire starts before New Year’s Eve. People can see some things. The things fall from the building. Fire fighters come. They have the situation under control. It is not clear at the moment if everybody from the building is OK.	In Dubai, a fire broke out at a building close to the world’s tallest skyscraper. The Address Downtown Dubai Hotel was in flames . The building that hosts the five-star hotel is 302 metres tall. The fire started when Dubai prepared to hold a major New Year’s Eve fireworks display. It is still unclear if something connected the two events. People could see some things falling from the building. Fire fighters arrived at the scene and said they had it under control. It is not immediately clear whether there were any casualties or what caused the fire.	A fire has broken out in Dubai at a building close to the world’s tallest skyscraper. This video emerged showing the Address Downtown Dubai Hotel engulfed in flames. The building that hosts the five-star hotel is 302 metres tall. The fire erupted as Dubai prepares to hold a major New Year’s Eve fireworks display. It is yet unclear if the two things are connected. Burning debris could be seen falling from the building and fire fighters have arrived at the scene and said it is under control. It is not immediately clear whether there have been any casualties or what caused the blaze .
This news is from Spain. An event is  held there every two years. It is a sporting event. It is the Human Towers Competition . This year’s event is the 26th. The sport is a Spanish tradition. It is more than 216 years old. There are many teams at the competition. They build towers. They must be careful. This can be dangerous. Children go to the top of the towers. Thousands of people watch the teams.	Every two years, the Human Towers Competition happens in Spain. Thousands of people attended this year’s 26th event. The sport is a Spanish tradition. It dates back to the 18th century. This year, there were many teams. Each group carefully built a tower, and children climbed up to the top. This year’s event was won by a team from southern Spain.	Thousands of people attended the 26th Human Towers Competition in Spain, which happens every two years in Catalonia and attracts dozens of teams. The sport is a Spanish tradition dating back to the 18th century. Each group carefully built a tower, and children made the dangerous climb to the top. This year’s event was won by a team from Vilafranca in southern Spain.
At the Chester Zoo, a rare rhino is born. It is a one-horned rhino calf . It is born in 20 minutes. It weighs 60 kilogrammes. People can see the calf later on. The healthy baby is going to help its type of rhino. This type of rhino is in a breeding programme . The zoo is also working in Asia to help this rhino.	At the Chester Zoo, a rare greater one-horned rhino calf was born. The birth took 20 minutes and the calf weighed 60 kilogrammes. Now, he has come out to the public. The healthy calf is going to support the breeding programme for this type of rhino. The zoo is also working in Asia to help this rhino and its natural habitat .	At the Chester Zoo, a rare greater one-horned rhino calf had his public debut . He was born in 20 minutes to his mother Asha and weighed 60 kilogrammes at that time. The healthy calf is a great help to the breeding programme for this species of rhino. The zoo is also working in Asia to help this rhino and restore its natural habitat .
900 people do a webinar with their boss. These people work for a US mortgage company. A mortgage company gives money to people or organizations who are buying a house or apartment. Later, the people or organizations return the money to the company. The webinar is very short. The man says to his employees that they lose their jobs. All 900 people lose their jobs right away. They are very surprised. They do not think that this will happen. It is very bad news for them before Christmas. Some people want to speak with the boss. It is not possible. Their company computers stop working. Some employees say that the boss is not good to them. He does not care about them. In the past, he emails some people. In the email, he writes that they are slow and stupid.	Vishal Garg, the boss of a US mortgage  company , held a webinar with 900 of his employees. The webinar was very short, and Garg said that he was firing all of them, which was about 9% of all the employees. It was a big surprise as they had no idea that they would lose their job just before Christmas. Some of them tried to contact Garg, but it was not possible. Their computer screens went black, and they could not use their company computers. Garg said that somebody would contact them with more information, which did not happen for some of the people. Some people said that Garg treated them badly. In the past, he emailed some employees and said that they were slow and stupid.	Vishal Garg, the CEO of mortgage company Better.com, announced on a Zoom webinar that the company was laying off about 9% of all its employees. He abruptly informed more than 900 employees on the webinar that they were being terminated just before Christmas. On the short and emotionless call, Garg said the reasons were market efficiency, performance, and productivity, and he then said that employees would expect an email explaining benefits  and  severance . However, employees´ access to the computers was terminated, their screens went black, and they lost access to email and messages. Garg was in problems before, after sending an email to staff saying they were too slow and were dumb dolphins.
The 2022 Winter Olympics start in Beijing, China, on February 4. The US boycotts the games. Australia is the second country to boycott. The boycotts are diplomatic. Diplomatic means it has to do with relationships between countries. US and Australian officials will not go to China. Still, athletes will go. The US and Australia do not agree with some things that happen in China. They say that China has problems with human rights . Human rights protect all people in the world. It does not matter if they are men or women. It does not matter where they live. It seems that China does not care about human rights. Some countries do not know what to do now. They work with the US. They also work with China.	Australia’s prime minister said that the country would boycott the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing, China. He said that it would be a diplomatic boycott, which meant that athletes would go to China but officials would not. The reasons were mainly reports about human rights abuses in China, and other things, too. The prime minister said that China did not want to talk about these problems, and the boycott was the only way to show that Australia did not agree with China. The US was the first country to boycott  the Olympics. Some countries were US partners, and they were not sure what to do because the US was an important partner for them. Still, China was their biggest business partner.	Australia will join the US in a diplomatic boycott of the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics to protest China´s reported human rights abuses,and people say that this will further worsen the relationship between the two countries. Australia’s Prime Minister Scott Morisson said that Australia had consistently asked China about its human rights abuses and many other issues; however, the Chinese government had not accepted opportunities to meet about them. Therefore, he said, it shouldn’t be a surprise that Australian officials wouldn’t go to China for the Olympics. Morisson´s choice makes Australia the first major country to follow the US in deciding against sending officials to the spectacle starting on February 4, while both countries will still allow their athletes to go. The US’s diplomatic boycott left many US partners trying to balance the relationship with the US’s security and China’s trade.
Automakers have big problems. There are not enough chips for their cars. Many automakers must make fewer cars. It makes a change of 3.9 million cars this year. Automakers lose around 110 billion dollars. Honda is a Japanese automaker. The company makes 110,000 fewer cars last year. The problems will continue this year, too. Some automakers are thinking of how to solve the problems. They must make better deals with companies which make chips. The automaker Ford has another idea. The company is changing the design of some parts. These parts have different chips. There are enough of these chips.	Some of the biggest automakers are having problems because there are not enough chips for their cars. Volkswagen, Honda and other companies have to make fewer cars, and it will cost them a lot of money. A consulting company predicted that the cost will be about 110 billion dollars this year, and that it would affect 3.9 million cars. The problem is that automakers did not want to make long-term deals with companies which made chips. Automakers were afraid that they would have financial problems. Now, it seems that automakers will have to change their view. Some automakers are making changes, and they will use chips which are not so difficult to buy.	The global semiconductor chip shortage will cost automakers 110 billion dollars in lost revenues this year, up from a previous estimate of 61 billion. According to a consulting company AlixPartners, the crisis will hit the production of 3.9 million vehicles. Volkswagen, Ford, and General Motors are just some of the big names to cut or suspend some output . Honda is the latest company that is paying the price for the shortage of computer chips. On Friday, the Japanese company said that it affected 100,000 vehicles last year, and the problems will likely persist through 2021. Automakers have been reluctant to make long-term commitments on chip supply for fear of being stuck with financial issues over such agreements. Now, companies will have to respond by building stronger ties to chip makers. Last week, Ford said it was redesigning some parts to use chips that were more readily available.
Here is some news from Ecuador. People organise a race . It is for children. It happens in a city. The children put on protective gear and get into carts . These carts are home-made. The children then go down a hill. The carts go up to 62 miles per hour (100 kilometres per hour). Fifty children race this year. They must be between 6 and 16 years old. This race is not very safe, but everybody is fine.	A decade -old tradition took place in a city in Ecuador. It was a children’s race. The kids put on helmets and protective pads and got into home-made wooden carts . People then pushed them down the city’s steep hill. The carts reached speeds of up to 62 miles per hour (100 kilometres per hour). Fifty children between the ages of 6 and 16 took part in this dangerous event. Luckily, nobody was injured.	Well, this looks like a super- sensible idea – get a bunch of children in teams together on a load of rickety wooden carts and then shove them down a steep hill at high speed. Yep, I thought that might happen! This wooden cart race is a decade-old tradition for the city of Quito in Ecuador with youngsters aged between 6 and 16 competing in home-made vehicles that can reach speeds of up to 62 miles per hour (100 kilometres per hour). Again, super-sensible… While the kids don their protective gear, helmets and pads, the dads put the finishing touches to the cart. After all, it’s their glory  days that they’re probably reliving here… This year’s event saw more than 50 children vying for the trophies and prize money, and fortunately, no injuries were reported despite how dangerous the entire thing looks. Does looks awesome though!
A small plane is landing on a beach in Portugal. The left wing of the plane is broken. The plane moves from side to side. The beach is very busy . People see the plane. They move away. However, one man and a girl are killed. It is lucky that only two people die. Two people are in the plane. They are OK. The police are talking to them.	In Portugal, a light plane crashed on a beach that was filled with people. A man and a girl were killed. The plane was wobbling as it landed, apparently because of a partly broken left wing. The two victims died right away while sunbathers ran away into the sea. One man said that more people were not hit because they saw the plane coming and moved away. It was lucky that more people were not hurt. The police are now talking to the two passengers of the plane, who were also not hurt.	In Portugal, a light plane crash landed on a busy beach and killed a 56-year-old man and an eight-year-old girl. The plane wobbled as it landed, apparently due to a partly broken left wing. The two victims died instantly and sunbathers ran from the plane into the sea. One witness said that more people were not hit because they saw the plane coming and moved away in time, and it was lucky that more people were not killed. The police are now questioning the two occupants of the plane, who were not hurt.
Typhoon Tapah goes to Okinawa, Japan. It rains a lot. It has very strong winds. The winds throw cars. The winds break car windows. The winds knock down small buildings. There is a lot of flooding . Now the typhoon goes to the big island of Japan. Experts talk about the typhoon. They say that there will be more rain, flooding, and landslides .	Typhoon Tapah hit southern Japan and Okinawa with rain and very high winds. It threw and broke cars windows, knocked down structures , and flooded places. Now the typhoon is going to the main island of Japan. Experts say that there will be more rain, flooding, and landslides .	Typhoon Tapah hit southern Japan and Okinawa with rain and winds up to 100 miles per hour. It threw and damaged car windows, knocked down structures and signs, and flooded areas. After the intense event and chaos , the storm is heading to the main island of Japan. Forecasters say that there will be more rain, flooding, and landslides.
The Parker Solar Probe is a spacecraft. A probe is a spacecraft that flies without people. Solar means that a thing can work from the Sun. People from NASA build the Parker Solar Probe. It starts its journey to the Sun in 2018. The spacecraft flies through the Sun’s atmosphere last week. The Sun’s atmosphere is called the corona. People can see it as a circle of light. It is the first time in history when a spacecraft gets so close to the Sun. Scientists are very happy. They will learn many new things about  the Sun and the universe , too. The spacecraft will get as close as 6.9 million kilometers from the center of the Sun. Its speed will be 690,000 kilometers per hour. The work to do this costs 1.5 billion dollars.	In 2018, NASA´s spacecraft called Parker Solar Probe left for a mission to the Sun. Last week, the probe flew through the Sun’s atmosphere, and it took samples of the Sun’s particles . Samples are small pieces of examples of things. It also explored the Sun’s magnetic field. This is where many things change on the Sun. The magnetic field can also affect us on Earth. Scientists were very excited about this because the mission can help them understand more things about the Sun and about our solar system , too. All the things which they will learn will teach them more about other stars and about the universe. At the start, the probe weighed 685 kilograms, and the project cost 1.5 billion dollars. The probe will get 6.9 million kilometers from the center of the Sun, and its highest speed will be at 690,000 kmph. It is the first spacecraft to fly into the Sun’s corona .	For the first time in history, a spacecraft has touched the Sun. NASA´s Parker Solar Probe has flown through the Sun’s atmosphere, the corona , and sampled particles and magnetic fields. The new milestone is one major step for the Parker Solar Probe and one giant leap for solar science. Just as landing on the Moon allowed scientists to understand how it was formed, touching the very stuff that makes up the Sun will help scientists learn important information about our closest star and its influence on the solar system. The solar system is our place in the universe. The sun will provide scientists with deeper insights into its evolution. However, everything we learn about our star also teaches us more about stars in the rest of the universe. The NASA space probe launched in 2018, and it weighed 685 kilograms at the start of its milion. The cost of the project was 1.5 billion dollars. The Probe will approach to within 6.9 million kilometers from the center of the Sun. By 2025, it will travel at its closest, as fast as 690,000 kmph, or 0.064% the speed of light .
An earthquake hits Hokkaido, Japan. It is a powerful earthquake. It injures over 150 people. Seven people die. The earthquake starts landslides. Roads crack. Mud covers cars. Three million people are without electricity.	A powerful earthquake hit Hokkaido last Thursday, which is Japan’s northernmost main island. The island’s largest city Sapporo was hit at 3:08 a.m. The earthquake injured over 150 people, and seven people died. The earthquake triggered many landslides, cracked roads, and buried vehicles in mud. Almost three million people were left without electricity. The Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that he would send 25,000 soldiers to help with the rescue efforts .	A powerful earthquake hit wide areas of Hokkaido last Thursday, which is Japan’s northernmost main island. The island’s largest city of Sapporo was hit at 3:08 a.m. The 6.7-magnitude quake injured over 150 people and killed at least seven. It triggered dozens of landslides, cracked roads and buried vehicles in several feet of mud. Almost three million people were left without electricity due to an emergency shut-down of the main power plant. The Japanese Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe, pledged to send 25,000 troops to assist rescue efforts.
This is a conversation. It is between a Canadian man and a US ship. It is from October 1995. It was at sea near Canadian land. Canadian man: You must change your way. If you don’t change your way, we will have a big collision. US ship: You must change your way. We have a big ship. Canadian man: It is not possible. You must change your way. US ship: This is the captain of a US ship. You must change your way. Canadian man: It is not possible. We repeat. You must change your way. US ship: This is a US ship. We are a very big ship. We repeat. You must change your way. Canadian man: This is a lighthouse. We are waiting for your answer.  www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.	This is a conversation between a Canadian man and a US ship from October 1995. It was at sea near Canadian land. Canadian man: You have to change your direction. If you don’t change your direction, there will be a big collision with us. US ship: We recommend that you change your direction. Canadian man: It is not possible. You have to change your direction. US ship: This is the captain of a US ship. You have to change your direction. Canadian man: It is not possible. We repeat. You have to change your direction. US ship: This is a US ship. We are a very big ship. We repeat. You have to change your direction. Canadian man: This is a lighthouse. We are waiting for your answer.  www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.	This is a conversation between a Canadian man and a US ship from October 1995. It happened near the Canadian sea coast. Canadian man: You have to change your direction. If you don’t change your direction, there will be a big collision with us. US ship: We recommend that you change your direction. Canadian man: It is not possible. You have to change your direction. US ship: This is the captain of a US ship. You have to change your direction. Canadian man: It is not possible. We repeat. You have to change your direction. US ship: This is a US ship. We have a lot of weapons. We repeat. You have to change your direction. Canadian man: This is a lighthouse. We are waiting for your answer.  www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.
A woman is pregnant . She is going to have twins . Both of them are girls. The mother’s pregnancy is not easy. The babies are in danger. They are too close together. Their umbilical cords can twist together. If this happens, a baby may die. However, this does not happen. Everything goes well. The babies are born. The mother and the father are very happy. When they see the babies, the babies are holding hands.	Two baby twin girls were born in Ohio last Friday. The pregnancy was risky. The mother spent 57 days in bed before the delivery. Baby twins’ umbilical cords often twist which is very dangerous. Blood may stop flowing to one twin and it may die. But for these two girls, it was a happy ending. The mother and the father cannot be happier. When the doctors showed the babies to them, the babies were holding hands. Doctors removed the ventilators from the girls. They breathe now on their own.	These identical twin girls were born holding hands after surviving a life-threatening condition. Best friends already, baby Jenna and Jillian were delivered by C-section in Ohio last Friday, after their mother Sarah had spent 57 days on bed rest and constant monitoring. These heart-warming pictures followed a difficult nine months for the parents. The little girls were monoamniotic twins, which is an extremely rare condition in which twins share the same amniotic sac and placenta . It is the rarest type of twinning, and one with the highest risk. The biggest risk is entanglement of the umbilical cords , which naturally twist and tangle in the same amniotic sac. Severe entanglement could cut off blood to one twin and causes death in 10 to 70 per cent of pregnancies. But for Jenna and Jillian it was a happy ending. The little ones have now been removed from ventilators , and are said to be breathing comfortably on their own. To Mum and Dad’s delight , when the doctors lifted the babies to show to them, the girls had grabbed onto each other’s hands. Mother Sarah was even able to hold them just in time for Mother’s Day.
There is a study . It is about marine animals. In the world, there are fewer and fewer marine animals. There are 50% less marine animals in the world than in 1970. This is not good news. The situation is getting worse fast. This is a problem for animals. This is a problem for people, too. Many people need the ocean. They need it to make money. Why is this happening? The water is getting warmer. The climate is changing. Also, people fish too much.	A study says that the population of marine species around the world declined by 49% between 1970 and 2012. The study shows that marine life is disappearing faster than scientists thought. This is bad news for the animals, as well as people. Many people need the ocean to make a living. The reason for this is rising water temperatures, over-fishing and climate change. Experts say that we could lose the coral reefs from most areas by 2050.	Results of a study released in 2015 shows a 49% decline in the number of marine species around the world between 1970 and 2012. The study of marine mammals, ranging from birds to reptiles to fish, highlighted that marine life is disappearing faster than conservationists had feared. The figure is actually 10% higher than previous estimates. The decline is not only bad news for ecosystems but to humans as well, especially to people in the developing world who depend on the ocean’s resources. As stated in the report, the blame for halving global fish stocks falls heavily on over-fishing and climate change, with the deep-sea fish population down 72%. Rising water temperatures and increasing acidity have left 3/4 of coral reefs under threat, and it is possible that most coral reefs could die out by 2050. People also fear that a quarter of the world’s sharks, rays and skates could eventually become extinct.
A plane wants to land in San Francisco. It gets closer and closer to the airport. However, it is not getting closer to the runway . It is getting closer to a taxiway . This is a terrible mistake. There are four planes on the taxiway. The lives of many people are in danger. Luckily, the plane avoids the other planes. Nobody is hurt.	In 2017, an incident happened at the San Francisco Airport, and people released a report about it just recently. An airplane was approaching the airport to land when the pilot mistook the runway for a taxiway with four airplanes already sitting there! Luckily, the pilot managed to avoid the other planes but with only a few feet between them!	An official report on an incident at the San Francisco Airport in 2017 has been released , as it reveals a near-miss which could have been the worst accident in aviation history. The video shows an Air Canada plane approaching to land on a taxiway where four planes were already sitting. After realising the mistake, the pilot managed to avoid the other planes by only a few feet. Passengers on five airplanes could have died or been seriously injured. Luckily, nobody was harmed .
There is a war in Afghanistan. It lasts 18 years. The leaders of the Taliban are the military group in Afghanistan. They agree to stop fighting for one week. They want to continue peace talks with the US, the talks are long and difficult. The US wants that Afghanistan does not help any terrorists . The peace talks last one year. Many US soldiers leave Afghanistan. However, after a bombing in the capital city, Kabul, the situation is difficult again. The US president wants to reduce the number of US soldiers in Afghanistan. He wants to reduce the number from 12,000 to 8,600. He says that the US soldiers must stay in the country until the end of the war.	The Taliban´s leaders agreed to stop fighting for a week to work out a peace deal with the US. This deal would end the war in Afghanistan, which started 18 years ago. As a condition , the US wants Afghanistan to promise that it will not support any terrorist groups in the future. Peace talks between the US and the Taliban lasted over one year, and as a result, over 5,000 US soldiers left Afghanistan. The situation became complicated again after a bombing in Kabul, which killed 10 Afghan people and one US soldier. The US president, Donald Trump, wants to reduce the number of US soldiers in Afghanistan from around 12,000 to 8,600. He said that the US soldiers must stay in Afghanistan until the end of the war.	The Taliban´s leadership has agreed to a temporary cease-fire . It will give the US and the Taliban about a week to work out a peace agreement, which would end the 18-year war in Afghanistan. As a condition, the US wants assurances that the country will not harbor terrorist groups. After over a year of negotiations, the US and the Taliban reached a peace deal, which involved withdrawing over 5,000 US troops from Afghanistan. However, Donald Trump, the US president, ended the negotiations later that month after the Taliban claimed responsibility for a suicide bombing in Kabul, which killed 10 Afghan civilians and one US service member. In November, Donald Trump said that the US will reduce the number of US troops in Afghanistan from around 12,000 to 8,600, but the US will not leave Afghanistan until there is a deal or a total victory of the US.
In 1971, many people from Bangladesh go to India. Some of them come to Assam. This is an Indian state. The Bangladeshis are mostly Muslim. Around 31 million people live in Assam. India is registering all people in Assam. However, not everyone can be registered. If you come to India in 1971 or later, you cannot be registered. Two million people are not on the list. Some people are afraid that the registering is to identify the people from Bangladesh. They are afraid that people will send them away from India, put them in prison, or persecute them.	India is registering all the residents in the state of Assam. The Indian government says that it is doing this to identify undocumented immigrants in the state. To be on the list, you have to prove that you or your family were already living in India in 1971. From the total of 31 million people in Assam, 2 million people are not on the list. They now have 120 days to prove that they are Indian. The state of Assam is home to many immigrants from Bangladesh who are mostly Muslim. Hundreds of thousands of Bangladeshi immigrants came to India in 1971. Many people are afraid that the list is a tool to send them away from India, put them in prison, or persecute them.	The National Register of Citizens (or the NRC) accounts for all the residents of the Indian state of Assam. The finalized registry is the result of a multi-year exercise to identify undocumented immigrants to the state, which is one of India’s poorest. The NRC just published its list and nearly 2 million people (from the total of almost 31 million) are not on it. The state of Assam is home to many immigrants from Bangladesh who are mostly Muslim. Many people believe that the registry is a way to force Muslims out of the state. Activists fear that those who are not already on the list could face persecution , jail time or deportation . Right now, they have 120 days to prove their citizenship. To get on the list, residents had to give proof that they or their ancestors had lived in India since before 1971. That is the year that hundreds of thousands of Bangladeshi immigrants fled to India after Bangladesh split from Pakistan.
The streets in Venice are narrow. If there are too many people, you cannot pass . This is a problem. The city puts gates at two bridges. Police can control how many people can come. Many tourists come to Venice. However, not many people live there. This is another problem.	The narrow streets of Venice often become impassable when there are too many tourists. At the start of this month’s four-day holiday weekend, Venice installed gates on two of its bridges. This way, the police had control over the number of people entering the city, but they never closed the gates. There are many tourists in Venice, but the local population is, in fact, dwindling .	At the start of a four-day holiday weekend, Venice installed gates on two of its bridges to control the number of tourists entering its narrow streets. By early afternoon on Saturday, the police had shut no gates, but they were at the gates to close them should the numbers become overwhelming . The narrow streets of the city often become impassable during peak travel times. Venice has struggled with its dwindling population for decades, but it also lives off of tourism.
Richmond is the capital city of Virginia, USA. On January 20, there is going to be a protest in Richmond. About 50,000 people are going to meet. They are going to protest against a new gun law. Organizers ask protestors to stay calm. However, officials expect some problems. Before the protests, the Virginia governor declares  a  state of emergency in Richmond. People in Richmond cannot carry guns from Friday until Tuesday. In 2017, a man drives his car into a group of protesters in another Virginia town. Officials worry that something bad can happen again. They must do all that they can to keep the protest peaceful.	The Virginia governor declared a state of emergency in Richmond that lasts from Friday until Tuesday. On January 20, there is going to be a demonstration of people who do not agree with new gun control legislation . Organizers expect 50,000 people to attend the demonstration, and they ask demonstrators to keep it peaceful. The state of emergency bans guns from the Richmond grounds . The governor decided to declare the state of emergency after he received some worrying information. The police expect that militia groups and hate groups may come to the demonstration. In 2017, a man drove his car into protesters in another town in Virginia. He killed one person and injured several people. Officials want to protect the demonstrators in Richmond and make sure that a similar incident does not happen again.	The Virginia governor, Ralph Northam, declared a temporary state of emergency ahead of a gun rights rally that will take place in Richmond on January 20. The rally is organized by The Virginia Defense League and demonstrators will protest against proposed gun control legislation. The group expects as many as 50,000 people to attend, and it encourages demonstrators to keep the protest peaceful. The state of emergency bans firearms and other weapons from the Virginia State Capitol grounds, and it will last from Friday until Tuesday. Northam made the decision after he received information that militia groups and hate groups are expected to attend the demonstrations. There was an incident in 2017 when a woman was killed, and many people were injured after a man drove his car into a crowd of protesters. Northam said that he will not allow such violence to happen again.
A company from Israel makes a chip. It is really small. It is like a square. Each side is 4.76 millimetres long. People write the New Testament on the chip. All 27 books are there. It is the smallest version of the New Testament. It is in Greek. The company wants to produce many of these chips. They want everyone to have one. The chip is small – it can fit into watches, for example. The company has big plans. They want to make another chip. This chip will have the Old Testament on it.	An Israeli company developed a small square chip. Each side measures 4.76 millimetres. This chip is tiny , but it contains the New Testament in the original Greek version. All 27 books of it are written on the chip. The company plans to mass produce it and put it in everyone’s pockets. Because it is so small, it fits inside watches and jewellery. The possibilities are limitless. The company also plans to produce a chip with the Old Testament .	The Jerusalem Nano Bible company developed a chip smaller than 5 by 5 millimetres. which manages to contain the original Greek version of the New Testament , making it the smallest Bible in the world. The tiny square chip can be embedded inside of watches and into pendants with infinite possibilities in the jewellery industry. The company’s aim is to be able to mass produce it and put it into every pocket. The company plans on producing a nano-sized Old Testament , as well. An academic scholar validated the product and confirmed the Greek text on the chip was indeed that of the 27 books of the New Testament.
The Chuuk Island is in Micronesia. A plane wants to land on the island. It is a Boeing 737. The plane does not land at an airport. It crash-lands in the lagoon . There are 40–50 passengers on board. All of them survive . All of the crew survives, too.	A Boeing 737 was trying to land on Chuuk Island in the Federated States of Micronesia when it had to crash-land in a Pacific lagoon. All of the crew and 40–50 passengers on-board survived. One survivor said that the flight attendants panicked and started yelling. On the other hand, the help of the locals impressed him, as they immediately started coming out on boats to help them. He escaped with only a grazed forehead, but he said that some people were injured severely .	Air Niugini’s Boeing 737 (a Papua New Guinean airline) was trying to land on Chuuk Island in the Federated States of Micronesia, but it was forced to crash-land in a Pacific lagoon. All of the crew and 40–50 passengers on-board survived. One of the crash survivors said that, unfortunately, the flight attendants panicked and started yelling. On the other hand, the locals really impressed him with their help, when they immediately started coming out on boats to help them. He escaped only with a grazed forehead, but he said that some people were injured severely.
A volcano  erupts on the island of La Palma. La Palma is a part of Spain´s Canary Islands. More than 85,000 people live there. The volcano erupts on September 19. Hot rocks and stones come out from the volcano. Lava destroys hundreds of houses. Only one house stays in place. It looks like an island in a river of lava. A Spanish photographer takes a picture of it. This picture becomes a symbol of the situation. 6,000 people must leave their homes. It is not safe to stay there. Lava breaks roads. Authorities close the airport. Some farmers worry. They grow bananas and grapes. They are afraid that lava will destroy their business.	On September 19, Cumbre Vieja, a volcano on the Spanish island of La Palma in the Canary Islands, became active. Thousands of tons of lava destroyed houses on the western side of the island, where live more than 85,000 people. Authorities closed the airport because the eruptions got bigger and more dangerous. A Spanish photographer captured a photo of a house on a small piece of land which looked like an island in a lava river. It was the only house in the area which was not destroyed. Authorities said that nobody died, and nobody was hurt. They asked people not to come close to the volcano, but many people came anyway because they wanted to see the lava.	Images of a single house left untouched by volcanic lava have become symbolic of the terrible impact of the natural disaster. It happened on the Spanish island of La Palma, in the Canary Islands. Since the volcano began erupting on September 19, it has spewed thousands of tons of lava, destroyed hundreds of houses on the western side of the island, and forced the evacuation of nearly 6,000 people. The airport closed as the eruption of the Cumbre Vieja volcanic ridge intensified, and it entered its most explosive phase so far. No deaths or injuries have been reported; however, the eruption is worrying banana farmers and grape owners in the area who fear that their business will be affected. Although authorities gave warnings to stay away from the magma and the volcano, visitors came to catch a glimpse of the eruption.
Hello students, there is a website for you. It is www.videosinlevels.com . We want to help you with your listening. We choose interesting videos from YouTube. We put them on Videos in Levels. We choose videos for six levels. There are videos about hobbies, nature, interesting people, songs, films and also videos in simplified English . Have a nice day, News in Levels team	Hello students, We have a website for you. Its name is www.videosinlevels.com . We want to help you with your listening practice. We choose interesting videos from YouTube and we put them on Videos in Levels. We choose videos for six levels of difficulty. The concept is a little bit different than News in Levels because every video is only in one level. There are videos on many topics, such as songs, films, hobbies, nature, interesting people and also videos in simplified English . Have a nice day, News in Levels team 	Hello students, We have a website for you. Its name is www.videosinlevels.com . We want to help you by providing materials for your listening practice. We choose interesting videos from YouTube and we put them on Videos in Levels. We choose videos for six levels of difficulty. The concept is a little bit different than News in Levels because every video is only in one level. There are videos on many topics, such as songs, films, hobbies, nature, interesting people and also videos in simplified English . Have a nice day, News in Levels team
Health officials say that e-cigarettes can be a problem. More and more people are sick from them in the United States. The health officials say that they know about 450 sick people. These people use e-cigarettes. Five of these people die. The officials do not know what chemical is in the e-cigarettes. They do not know what chemical is making people sick. Some people also smoke marijuana in the e-cigarettes. The officials say that it is better to use only products from stores and not from the streets.	Health officials say that it is important to be careful when people use e-cigarettes. The number of illnesses connected to e-cigarettes continues to go up in the United States. Health officials say that they know about 450 possible cases of illnesses in 33 states. These cases can be connected to e-cigarettes. This number is two times higher than the number two weeks ago, and five people already died in the last two months. The officials say that they do not know exactly what chemical is in the e-cigarettes that is the reason for the problems. Some people smoked e-cigarettes and also marijuana, but some people smoked only e-cigarettes. The officials say that it is better to use only products which people buy in stores and not in the streets.	Health officials are warning people to stop using e-cigarettes, as the number of illnesses related to them continues to rise in the United States. The health officials said that they know about 450 cases across 33 states of illnesses possibly related to e-cigarettes. That is more than double the number of cases reported two weeks ago. The number of deaths due to lung injury has also increased to five cases since August this year. The officials said that it is too early to say what exact chemical in the e-cigarettes is causing the problems because some patients reported smoking both e-cigarettes and marijuana. Some reported using nicotine only. The officials advise e-cigarette users not to buy e-cigarettes in the streets, as well as not to add any substances that are not intended by the manufacturer.
Police in Minneapolis, US, stop a black man. They make the man lie on the ground. One officer puts his knee on the man´s neck. The man says that he cannot breathe. However, the officer keeps his knee on the man´s neck for seven minutes. The man stops talking. An ambulance takes the man to hospital. Doctors say that the man is dead. The four police officers lose their job. However, people are not happy. People say that the officer kills the man. Similar incidents happen in the past. People in Minneapolis get very angry. They start to protest before a police station. People set fire to stores. People take things from stores. The police must use tear gas and plastic bullets to stop the protesters.	On Monday, four police officers in Minneapolis, US, detained a black man. The police said that the man wanted to use fake money in a store. They asked the man to lie down, and one officer put his knee on the man´s neck. The man repeated several times that he could not breathe. However, the officer kept his knee on the man´s neck for seven minutes. The man stopped talking. An ambulance took the man to hospital where doctors said that the man was dead. The four white officers were fired; however, big protests started in the city. People were angry, and they wanted police to investigate the incident. On Wednesday, protesters set fire to local businesses and looting began. Police used tear gas and plastic bullets to stop the protesters.	On Monday, George Floyd, an African American man from Minneapolis, US, died after he had been detained by police for allegedly using fake money in a store. A police officer held Floyd on the ground with his knee on Floyd´s neck for at least seven minutes. Floyd repeated several times that he couldn´t breathe. Then he fell silent, and he was later pronounced  dead at a hospital. The four white police officers involved in the detention were fired; however, protesters are calling for stronger action. The Minneapolis mayor, Jacob Frey, said that the officer, who kneeled on Floyd, must face criminal charges. On Tuesday night, protesters gathered outside a Minneapolis police station and fought with officers. A second night of protests turned violent with demonstrators setting fire to local businesses and looting . Police officers used tear gas and plastic bullets to disperse the crowd.
The Japanese leader and the Olympic president agree on a deal. The deal is going to delay the Olympics to 2021. The Olympics must happen before the fall of 2021. The Japanese leader says that they want to help protect people in the big event. They both say that they wish that the Olympics help people feel hope . In Japan, there are more than 1,000 confirmed  cases of coronavirus. In the world, there are almost 400,000 confirmed cases. This number is from a university on Tuesday.	The Japanese prime minister and the international Olympic committee president agreed on a proposal to delay the Olympics to 2021. The Olympics must happen before the fall of 2021. The prime minister said that they decided this to protect the health and safety of everyone in the event. They said that they wish that the Olympics can be a symbol of hope to the world. The Olympic flame will stay in Japan and the event name will remain the same. In Japan, there are more than 1,000 confirmed cases of coronavirus, and worldwide, there are almost 400,000 confirmed cases, as reported by Johns Hopkins University as of Tuesday morning.	The Japanese Prime Minister Abe Shinzo and the International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach agreed on a proposal to postpone the Olympics until 2021. They will happen no later than the summer of 2021. Abe said that they decided this to protect the health and safety of the athletes and everyone else in the event. Abe and Bach said that they wish that the Olympics can be “ a beacon of hope ” to the world. The Olympic flame will stay in Japan and the event name will remain the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020. In Japan, there are more than 1,000 confirmed cases of coronavirus, and worldwide, there are almost 400,000 confirmed cases, as reported by Johns Hopkins University as of Tuesday morning.
Some people go to Chernobyl. It is in Ukraine. They see a fox. One person films the fox. The fox is not afraid of the people. They give it some bread. They give it some meat. The fox stacks the food. It makes a big sandwich! The sandwich is almost too big to eat. But the fox still eats the sandwich. No people live near Chernobyl now. That is because of a nuclear disaster in 1986. But more foxes, wolves, and bears live there now.	A fox did something very unexpected for some journalists who went to Chernobyl, Ukraine, so one of them filmed what happened. The fox wasn’t afraid of the people, so they gave it some bread and meat, and the fox stacked it all into a sandwich! The sandwich was almost too big for it to eat, but it swallowed it down. The journalists saw this happen in the 20-mile exclusion zone around the Chernobyl nuclear plant that exploded in 1986. No people live there now and instead more foxes, wolves, and bears live there.	A person filmed a video of a wild fox taking bread and meat from people and stacking it into a sandwich. This happened in the Chernobyl disaster zone. The clip, which people have viewed more than a million times, was filmed by Radio Free Europe journalists on a trip. In the video, you can see the fox stacking the filling between the bread into a big sandwich that can barely fit in its mouth while it shows no fear of the humans. The Chernobyl nuclear plant exploded in 1986, and Russia established a 20-mile zone around it.
Jill Biden is the wife of the new US president, Joe Biden. Jill Biden will soon become America´s first lady . She is 69 years old. She works as a college teacher. Joe Biden is married to another woman in the past. They have three children together, two boys and one girl. But something terrible happens. Biden´s wife and their daughter die in a car crash. Their daughter is only one year old when it happens. Joe and Jill get married in 1977. Their daughter Ashley is born in 1981. Joe Biden is the vice president to the US president, Barack Obama. Jill Biden and Michelle Obama start a project together in 2011. They want to help military families . As the first lady, Jill Biden wants to continue in her job.	Dr. Jill Biden is the wife of the new US president, Joe Biden. Jill Biden is 69 years old and she is a college professor with four degrees . Before Joe and Jill Biden met, Joe Biden was married to another woman. They had three children, two boys and a girl. But Biden´s wife and a one-year old daughter died in a car crash. It was very difficult for Jill to become a part of Joe´s family after such a tragic event. Joe and Jill got married in 1977, and in 1981, their daughter Ashley was born. Joe Biden was the vice president to the US president Barack Obama, and in 2011, Jill Biden and Michelle Obama started to help military families. Jill Biden plans to continue this work and she wants to keep her job as a teacher.	The newly elected US president, Joe Biden, is the husband of Dr. Jill Biden who is a college English professor with four degrees, including a doctorate . Joe Biden married his first wife and they had three children, two boys and a girl. However, Biden became a widower when his wife and a one-year old daughter were killed in a car crash. Joe and Jill Biden got married in 1977 and in 1981, they had their daughter Ashley. As America´s next first lady, the 69-year old Jill Biden, plans to keep her job and continue teaching which is something that she did as the second lady when her husband was the vice president to Barack Obama. Biden wants to focus on education and together with Michelle Obama help military families.
A man has surgery . He has a scar on his belly. Then he goes to Bali. There, he sees something strange. He has the scar but also a red line on his belly. He goes to a doctor there. The doctor says that an animal bit him. He gives the man some medicine. Three days later, the line gets worse. It is bigger. The man goes to a different doctor. This doctor finds a spider inside the man’s body. It is inside the scar. He removes the spider.	A young man from Australia went to the doctor to have his appendix removed. He then went away with friends to Bali. There he discovered a strange red trail on his belly. It was around two inches long. The man went to a doctor in Bali. The doctor told him that he suffered from an allergic reaction, so he gave the man some medicine. However, the red trail doubled in length three days later. It began to blister , as well. Another doctor took a closer look and found out that there was a tropical spider in the scar after the appendix removal. He removed the spider and sent it away for testing.	When Australian Dylan Thomas woke up one morning, he certainly wasn’t expecting to find this on his stomach. The 21-year-old was away with friends in Bali when he discovered the strange red trail stretching two inches from his naval towards his chest. As the mark moved further up, Dylan was told by doctors at the Bali International Medical Centre that he was suffering from an allergic reaction to an insect bite and was sent away with some antihistamine cream. But three days later, when the red trail began to blister and almost double in length, it was obvious there was something wrong. Eventually a doctor took a closer look and explained that a tropical spider had managed to bury itself into a scar left by a recent appendix removal. Luckily, doctors managed to extract the spider from Dylan’s abdomen , and it’s now been sent away for testing. Difficult words: naval (belly button), antihistamine (anti-allergy), blister (to form small bubbles on the skin filled with something like water), tropical (jungle), appendix (a small part of the intestines which is the tube which goes from the stomach to the anus), extract (remove), abdomen (the middle of the body where the stomach and chest are). Source: www.ondemandnews.com
Some people want to put oil pipes under a reservoir in North Dakota, USA. Native Americans and climate activists protest. They win their protest. Now they are celebrating! The oil pipes project is dangerous. It can be bad for land and water. Thousands of people come to North Dakota. They support the protesters. Some Native Americans come from Washington State. They wait for bad news. But they hear the best news! It is the best news for the Native Americans, for the United States and for all people. They are very happy now. Water is so important!	The people of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe were protesting for months and now they are celebrating! The US Army will not allow an oil pipeline to go under a reservoir in North Dakota. Some of the protesters came from Washington State. They supported the water protectors. They expected the worst, but then they heard the best news ever! It is the best news for the Native Americans, for the United States and for all people.  They are very happy now. Water is so important. The Standing Rock Sioux tribe, together with climate activists, were protesting against the project from April. The project could contaminate the water and damage sacred tribal lands. The protest got support from thousands of people, who came to North Dakota.	Native Americans are celebrating! The US Army will not allow an oil pipeline to go under a reservoir in North Dakota. The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe has been protesting it for months and finally the protesting paid off. Some of the protesters came from Washington State to support these water protectors. One of the protesters says that it has lifted his heart . The protestors came in yesterday and they were expecting the worst, but they have heard the best news ever! This is the best news for native people, for the United States, for all people, all because water is so precious . The Standing Rock Sioux tribe, together with climate activists, have been protesting against to the project since April. They say that the project could contaminate the water supply and damage sacred tribal lands. Thousands of people supported the protest and flocked to North Dakota.
This news is from Bavaria. Bavaria is a state in southern Germany. People build a bridge. A part of it falls down. The piece is 40 metres long. It falls 20 metres. This happens when there are workers on the bridge. One worker dies. The bridge injures twelve workers. Ambulances come to the site . There are four helicopters, too. They transport the people to hospital.	Last Wednesday, a bridge, which was under construction in Bavaria, Germany collapsed. A 40-metre part of the bridge fell 20 metres to the ground while construction workers were working on the site . One worker died and the bridge injured another 12. Police are not sure how many people may still be trapped under the rubble . Four helicopters and many ambulances came to transport the injured to hospital.	This is what’s left of a part of a motorway bridge in Germany. The bridge that was under construction in Bavaria collapsed on Wednesday, killing at least one construction worker. A 40-metre part of the bridge plunged 20 metres to the ground while construction workers were working on the site. One worker was killed and another 12 injured. The Schraudenbach Valley bridge will carry part of the A7 motorway, which presently runs alongside on the old bridge and was luckily not affected. Initially, several deaths were reported, with police unable to say how many workers had been trapped and whether any cars had been travelling on the road beneath. Police are not entirely sure of how many people may still be trapped under the rubble , as a small road and cycle path run parallel to the bridge, making it difficult to get through all of the debris . Four helicopters and a dozen ambulances were brought in to transport the injured to hospital.
This news is about a snake. She lives in a zoo in Brazil. She is sick. She loses weight . Vets see this. They do some tests. The tests tell them what’s wrong. The snake has an egg in it. She cannot let the egg out. The egg makes her sick. It must be taken out. Vets operate on the snake. They take out the egg. This type of snake is a python. Pythons do not make venom . However, they have big, strong bodies. This snake is 5 metres long.	A snake in a zoo in Brazil was losing weight. Vets ran some tests and found out that she had a calcified egg in her body. The vets had to perform a life-saving surgery on the 5-metre-long python . Pythons do not produce venom . Instead, they kill by squeezing the animal with their big, strong bodies. This kind of python lives in Southeast Asia. The vets cut into the snake’s body near its tail and removed the egg. They also took out 12 underdeveloped eggs. The snake cannot have baby snakes now.	Vets in Brazil have performed life-saving surgery on a 16-foot python after it failed to naturally release eggs. As this snake’s a reticulated python, it kills by coiling its powerful constrictive body around its prey . The 20 year-old snake doesn’t produce venom , nonetheless, vets at Sorocaba University in Sao Paolo didn’t take any risks. They pinned the reptile down so that they could administer  anaesthetic before the operation. Vets at the snake’s home at Sorocaba Zoo noticed the snake was losing weight before running tests to find that she had a calcified egg lodged in her body. To save the reptile’s life, a team of 5 veterinarians and students cut a 5-foot incision near the reptile’s tail to remove the deformed egg. They also removed 12 underdeveloped eggs from the female’s uterus , leaving her infertile . Reticulated pythons are native to Southeast Asia and are among the longest snakes and reptiles in the world. The snake is now being monitored at its home in the Sorocaba Zoo and is recovering well.
Kashmir is a region in the Himalayan mountains. Both India and Pakistan say that it is their territory. They argue about the region. They even have three wars over Kashmir. India has special laws for Kashmir. The laws make Kashmir autonomous . Kashmir is like this for 70 years. On Monday 5th, this ends. India wants to control the region. Thousands of soldiers go to Kashmir. Tourists evacuate . The Internet stops there. Pakistan is not happy about this. The country says that it is going to push against India.	Kashmir is a region located in the Himalayan mountains, and both India and Pakistan claim the territory. The dispute even led the two countries to three wars. Thanks to laws in the Indian constitution, Kashmir had special status and was an autonomous region for the last 70 years. However, on Monday the 5th, Kashmir’s autonomy ended, and India made a move to get control of the region. Thousands of soldiers moved there, tourists evacuated, and Internet service stopped. The move was not a complete surprise. Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s party, which is in power, was campaigning to stop Kashmir’s special status earlier. Pakistan is not happy about the situation. The country said that this move is against United Nations and that it will do everything to push back against India.	Tensions rose between India and Pakistan on Monday 5th after the Indian government made a move to give it more control over the disputed border region of Kashmir. Both India and Pakistan claim the Muslim-majority region, which is located in the Himalayan mountains, and the lengthy dispute has dragged both nations into three wars. Kashmir has had autonomous rule for the last 70 years, thanks to Article 370 in India’s constitution. Except for certain matters, the special status gave the region the right to make its own laws. However, on Monday the 5th, the Indian president revoked Kashmir’s special status. The news was not totally surprising, as Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Bharatiya Janata Party was campaigning to revoke Kashmir’s special status. The Indian government deployed thousands of soldiers to the region over the weekend, evacuated tourists from the area, and stopped Internet service. Pakistan said that the move violated the United Nations resolutions and that it would “exercise all possible options to counter the illegal steps” taken by India.
There are hundreds of fires in the Amazon rainforest. The rainforest covers over 2.5 million square miles. People use satellites to find the fires. It is normal for there to be some fires in the Amazon. However, there are 83% more fires than last year. One expert on wildfires called it “ a catastrophe of global proportions .” Most of the rainforest is in Brazil. Brazil is trying to control the fires. However, the country’s president, Jair Bolsonaro, says that he does not have enough resources . He is thinking about sending soldiers to help fight the fires.	There are currently hundreds of fires in the Amazon rainforest. The rainforest covers over 2.5 million square miles, so people have to use satellites to find the fires. However, when they find a fire, it is difficult to fight it. There are few roads and the rainforest is so big that many fires cannot be controlled. It is normal to see some fires in the Amazon, but right now there are 83% more fires than this time in 2018. The president of the International Association of Wildland Fire said that this year’s fires “are a catastrophe of global proportions.” The Brazilian government is trying to deal with the wildfires, but the country’s president, Jair Bolsonaro, said that he does not have the resources to fight the current wildfire outbreak . He is thinking about sending soldiers to help fight the fires.	There are hundreds of fires burning in the Amazon rainforest, but fighting wildfires in the Amazon is challenging. The rainforest covers over 2.5 million square miles – it is so big that people detect the fires using satellites. The size and bad accessibility in the forest means that many fires go unchecked . The Brazilian government’s environmental institute is mostly responsible for dealing with wildfires in the Amazon, but the country’s president, Jair Bolsonaro, said that he does not have the resources to fight the current wildfire outbreak. He is thinking about sending military troops . It is normal to see some fires in the Amazon, but right now there are 83% more fires than this time in 2018, according to Brazil’s space agency. The president of the International Association of Wildland Fire said that this year’s fires “are a catastrophe of global proportions.”
This news is from Australia. Surfers see a whale. There is a helicopter above them. It tells the surfers to stay away from the whale. But the surfers come close to it. The whale is calm in the beginning. Then it gets stressed . It hits the water with its tail. This whale weighs 80 tonnes. It measures 16 metres. It is illegal to get too close to whales. It is dangerous for people and the whales.	Some surfers from Australia saw a whale. A helicopter told them not to get too close, but they did anyway. People are supposed to stay at least 100 metres from a whale. Last year, a whale hospitalised a swimmer after their encounter . At first, this whale swam peacefully beside the surf boards, but then it was stressed and it hit the water with its tail. This kind of whale weighs up to 80 tonnes and measures 16 metres.	Surfers on a Sydney beach got more than they bargained  for after paddling too close to a giant whale. A helicopter circling the coast spotted the giant mammal which was soon surrounded by a group of surfers who then broke government guidelines by moving within 100 metres of the whale’s swimming area. At first, the whale swam peacefully beside the surf boards before appearing stressed and lashing out with its tail. The surfers were encouraged to leave the whale alone over loud speakers with officials concerned after a swimmer was hospitalised last year after an encounter with the same breed of whale. Southern Right Whales can weigh up to 80 tonnes and measure 16 metres at full maturity, and, despite the excitement of seeing one up close, not everyone was so keen to paddle out, with most locals turning back towards the beach. “I was paddling out there and then I saw it. It was pretty big.”
Amelie is 18 years old. She comes from Hampshire, UK. She travels to Zambia with her family and friends. Amelie is in a boat on the Zambezi river. A crocodile attacks her. The crocodile wants to pull the girl under the water. Crocodiles normally do this. They kill animals this way. Amelie is lucky. Her father and friends scare the crocodile. It swims away. Amelie must go to hospital. The animal injures her leg and lip. Now, Amelie is in a hospital in the UK. Doctors say that she will be fine. She has bad dreams. She often thinks about the attack. Still, she would like to go back to Zambia in the future. Amelie says that one bad experience cannot stop her.	Last week, Amelie Osborn-Smith from Hampshire, UK, was whitewater  rafting on the Zambezi river in Zambia. Suddenly, a crocodile attacked her. The animal bit the girl’s leg, and it wanted to pull her under the water. Crocodiles normally do this with their prey . They pull it under the water and turn around several times. This way, they kill the prey. Amelie was lucky because her father and friends frightened off the animal.  The girl had injuries on her leg, foot, and lip, and she went to a hospital in Zambia. Now, Amelie is in a hospital in London, UK. She is having nightmares, and she often remembers the attack. Still, she said that she was not afraid to return to Zambia. She said that one bad experience should not stop people from enjoying their lives.	18-year-old Amelie Osborn-Smith from Hampshire, UK, was whitewater rafting on the Zambezi River in Zambia when a crocodile grabbed her leg, and it tried to drag her under the water into a characteristic death roll , in order to control its prey. The girl’s father along with her friends fought off the crocodile, and people transported Amelie to a hospital in Zambia. Her lower leg was badly mauled , her lip was broken, and her right foot badly injured. Having received immediate treatment, people then repatriated her to the trauma unit of a London teaching hospital in the UK. Amelie said that despite suffering frequent flashbacks and nightmares, the event would not stop her from returning to Zambia in the future. She added that she could now see that life could be over so quickly, and one event shouldn’t hold anyone back from having a full life.
This news is about a boy. He is five years old. He is from Afghanistan. He likes football and Lionel Messi. He comes from a poor family. They cannot buy a Lionel Messi jersey . The boy wears a plastic bag. It looks like the jersey. People film the boy and put the video on the Internet. Lionel Messi sees the boy and he sends the boy a package . There are two jerseys and a football in the package. One jersey is from Barcelona, and one is from Argentina. The boy is happy. He wears the jerseys.	A boy from a poor family in Afghanistan captured the Internet’s heart after he customised a plastic bag into a Lionel Messi shirt. The five-year-old boy had his dreams come true, as the footballer sent him a package with a football and two football jerseys . One jersey is from the Barcelona team and the second one is from the Argentina team. The Afghan boy is happy and he proudly wears his number 10 football jerseys.	A five-year-old boy from a poor family in Afghanistan and a fan of Lionel Messi captured the Internet’s heart for customising a plastic bag into a Lionel Messi shirt because his family could not afford a real one. The boy’s dream came true when Messi, a goodwill ambassador for UNICEF, sent a package to him containing his two teams’ soccer jerseys – Argentina and Barcelona – and a ball, to symbolise a child’s right to play. Murtaza Ahmadi now proudly wears his new football jersey bearing Messi’s famous number 10, as he has a kick about .
The death penalty is a way to punish criminals. A judge decides for the death penalty when someone does something very bad. Many countries in the world use the death penalty in the past. However, it is not so usual today. The death penalty is legal in the US. 28 US states use it. The death penalty is a difficult process. It costs a lot of money. More and more people do not agree with the death penalty. People are afraid that judges can make mistakes. It is possible that a wrong person gets the death penalty. Experts are optimistic . They believe that COVID-19 can change things. People do not want to think about death.	The death penalty in a legal form of punishment in the US. Currently, 28 states use it; however, the situation is changing. More judges do not like to use the death penalty. Since 1976, officials executed more than 1,500 people; however, the number is going down every year. Judges sometimes make mistakes. People who did nothing wrong get a death penalty. A lot of people believe that the death penalty is wrong and dangerous. Experts say that the COVID-19 pandemic is a good chance to make some changes. When a big problem comes, the number of death penalties goes down. Execution is a complicated process, and it costs a lot of money. Also, a big problem brings people together. People are changing their opinions on the death penalty.	The death penalty is a legal penalty in the US, and it is currently used by 28 states. Since 1976, when the death penalty was established again, more than 1,500 people have been executed . However, the number of executions has been going down. Experts say that the COVID-19 slowdown could be an opportunity for opponents of the death penalty to make progress towards ending this practice. Issues such as wrongful convictions and executions, that were done badly, get a lot of public attention, and people´s opinion on the death penalty is changing. Experts believe that the current coronavirus crisis will change how society views the death penalty. Crises have a unifying effect, and many people find it more difficult to accept the death penalty as a form of punishment.
In Florida, a man does a strange thing. He sits in a chair at a table. He eats pancakes. He does this in the middle of the street. Someone takes a video of him doing this. He puts the video on Facebook. The police see the video. They charge the prankster . They say that he blocks the road. They also say that he disrupts the traffic.	In Florida, a 21-year-old man received charges from the police after he posted a video of himself on Facebook. The video showed him blocking a road while he sat in a chair at a table and ate pancakes. Police charged the prankster with obstruction of the road and disrupting traffic. He was not arrested but he has to go to court over the event.	Florida police charged 21-year-old Kieran Thomas because he blocked a road while he sat in a chair at a table and ate pancakes. Police knew that he did this because he posted a video of it on Facebook. The formal charge was obstruction of the road and disruption of traffic. Although police did not arrest the prankster , they asked him to appear in court over his crepes .
In Mexico, a dog has an accident. It has an accident with a lawnmower . The dog loses its front leg. People are sad. They think that they cannot help the dog. In Mexico City, there is an animal hospital. Experts from the hospital help. They make the dog a new leg. They 3D print it. The leg is very good. With it, the dog can move very well. The experts want to help more animals. Soon, they will print legs for other kinds of animals, too.	A six-year-old dog from Mexico had an accident with a lawnmower , and she lost her front leg. People thought that the dog’s happy days were over, but doctors were able to help. Specialists in Mexico City created the country’s first 3D printed prosthetic leg . The prosthetic leg is special. After the animal gets used to the leg, she can move almost like she has a normal leg. This is just the beginning – doctors at the animal hospital say that soon they will make prosthetic legs for other animals, too.	The owners of six-year-old greyhound Romina who lost her front leg in an accident with a lawnmower thought her stick-chasing days were over, but with the help of 3D printing technology, the pooch can move around almost like normal. Specialists at a veterinary hospital in Mexico City have created the country’s first artificial  prosthetic  leg printed using 3D technology. The prosthetic leg is unique, as it allows the dog to preserve its natural anatomy, allowing the joints to move in a similar way as the natural limbs do. After the accident Romina’s left limb was rebuilt using titanium plates. The plates joined the limb, but she lost all movement in her leg while her right leg was amputated. The team at the hospital worked on a six-month project to create the prototype , select the appropriate materials and design the prosthetic limb system for Romina. The new limb will take some getting used to and when she has adapted, the final prosthetic will be designed in aluminium, which will be coated in a skin-like material. And this is just the beginning – doctors at the veterinary hospital said they will soon be able to design prosthetics for other species such as turtles and crocodiles.
Putin and Trump meet at the G-20 summit in Japan. A reporter asks Trump a question. The reporter wants to know if Trump is going to tell Putin not in the 2020 election . Trump says, ‘Yes, of course I will’. He turns to Putin and says, ‘Don’t meddle in the election, please’. Trump says it as a joke.	Last Friday, Putin and Trump met at the G-20 summit in Japan. A reporter asked Trump if he was going to warn Putin not to meddle in the 2020 election . Trump said, ‘Yes, of course I will’. He turned to Putin and jokingly said, ‘Don’t meddle in the election, please’. It is not exactly known what the two presidents later discussed. People say that they talked about Iran, Venezuela and trade between the USA and Russia.	During a Trump–Putin meeting on the sidelines of the G-20 summit in Japan last Friday, a reporter asked Trump if he was going to warn Putin not to meddle in the 2020 election. It was hard to hear, but Trump then said, ‘Yes, of course I will’ and turned to Putin and jokingly said, ‘Don’t meddle in the election, please’. People say that the two presidents later discussed Iran and Venezuela, as well as expanding trade and economic cooperation between the USA and Russia.
This story is about a boy. He is from Bosnia. He is born with no arms, and his feet are deformed . He is afraid of water. However, he joins a club. One year later, everything changes. He wins a gold medal. He is a team leader. The club coach wants to give disabled children a chance. Their bodies are different, but they can still do things. He takes them to lunches, dinners, and even skiing. The team is currently training for this year’s European Championship for Disabled Swimmers.	A Bosnian boy was born without arms and with deformed feet. At five years old, he was afraid to go near water. However, he joined a club for disabled children. Just one year later, he won a gold medal and is a team leader. The club coach says that he wants to give disabled children a chance. Their bodies are different, but they can still do things. He takes them to lunches, dinners, and even skiing trips. If a child’s family cannot afford a trip, the club helps them via donations . The team is currently training for this year’s European Championship for Disabled Swimmers.	Ismail Zulfic, a Bosnian six-year-old, who was born without arms and with foot deformity , has won a gold medal in disabled swimming. He is among 53 disabled children who practice at Sarajevo’s swimming club. When Zulfic joined the club, he was a shy boy who was even scared to get close to the water, but only a year later, he is a proud bearer of a gold medal, and he is a team leader. The club coach said that his aim is to give disabled children a chance because they will take it, even though their bodies are different. He also often takes the children to other non-pool events such as lunches, dinners and even skiing. The club also helps with the travel costs if a child’s family cannot afford them via donation, and the club is currently training for this year’s European Championship for Disabled Swimmers.
This news is from a zoo. The zoo is in England. A gorilla is pregnant . She has problems. People must take out the baby. They carry out the caesarean section . The baby is fine. She is a girl. She is one kilogram heavy. She hasn’t got a name yet, but she already likes her mother. She is quite emotional. No animal doctor does the caesarean section. A doctor for humans does it. He says that gorillas are like humans.	A pregnant gorilla at a zoo in England had problems, and the baby had to be taken out by caesarean section . The baby gorilla is the first gorilla to be successfully born by caesarean section. The baby hasn’t got a name yet, but she is over a kilo heavy and doing fine. A zookeeper said that she already has quite a strong character like her mother. She lets people know when she’s awake and when she’s hungry. Unusually, a human gynaecologist carried out the caesarean section. He said that the operation was very similar to operating on a human.	A baby gorilla girl became the first gorilla to successfully be born by emergency caesarean in the UK, after her mother Ciara was diagnosed with life-threatening pre-eclampsia . The as-yet-unnamed baby weighed in at just over a kilo at birth, and although she needed help from vets so she could breathe independently, now she is doing well and is even showing signs of personality. A zookeeper in the zoo said that she was quite a strong, bold and gregarious character. She was very forthright like her mother, let keepers know when she was awake or when she was ready for a feed. People believe that this birth was the second or third time that a baby gorilla has been born by caesarean section in the UK, but the first time that the infant actually survived. A human gynaecologist carried out the caesarean and said that there is not as much difference between a human and gorilla caesarean as people might think. You can watch the video news lower on this page.
In Paris, A police dog dies. He dies in a police attack. He is seven years old. This happens after the Paris attacks. Russia now fights terrorism with France. Russia gives France a new dog. This shows that the countries are friends. The dog is a German Shepherd  puppy . Russia gives him to France at a ceremony in Moscow.	People shot a seven-year-old police hound during a police raid in Paris after the Paris attacks. As a symbol of solidarity , Russia gave France a new dog. Russia gave the German Shepherd puppy during a ceremony in Moscow to the French ambassador .	Now, we know they’re for life and not just for Christmas , but Russia may have given France the cutest gift ever. Russian police have given France a puppy to replace police dog Diesel who was killed in a raid following the Paris attacks in November. The seven-year-old hound was shot during a raid in St Denis which targeted the alleged  mastermind of the coordinated killings. During a ceremony in Moscow, Russia’s Interior Ministry handed over a German Shepherd puppy to the French ambassador. Dobrynya is named after a folklore hero and is intended as a symbol of the unity of nations in the fight against terrorism and as a gesture of solidarity and friendship with France. Well, we would be friends with anyone who gave us that cutie !
Can you build a boat from cardboard ? You don’t think so? Well, two men from England say that you can! They take 300 old boxes. They make a boat. They have life jackets, a small outboard , and a flag. They make the flag from bubble wrap . They put the boat into the River Thames. Everything is fine.	Do you think you could build a boat completely from cardboard ? Maybe you say, ”no”, but two men from England say, “of course you can!” Over ten days, they turned 300 old boxes into a boat. They even made some life jackets and put a small outboard on the back. They made everything else from waste packaging , including the flag, which they made from bubble wrap. They put the boat into the River Thames and all went to plan.	Did you know that it is possible to build a boat entirely from cardboard? Over ten days, two savvy recyclers from England named Harry and Charlie turned their dream of a cardboard houseboat into a reality. They used around 300 old boxes that they found in bins near their workshop and bits of wood to clamp on a little outboard – almost everything was from waste packaging, including their flag which they made from bubble wrap. They successfully launched the boat into the Thames and sailed down the river to London to launch a design festival.
Experts carry out a study . There are 122 people. They are in two groups. One group is for men. Another group is for women. Experts give both groups a maths test. After the test, the people guess their results . Men think that their results are better than they really are. Women are very good at guessing their results.	A study carried out at Washington State University asked men and women to take a maths test. Both groups then guessed their results. It turns out that the men overestimated themselves. The women, however, guessed with a lot more precision on how well they did. Experts only asked 122 people to take the test, but the experts say that the study may also show the need for positive illusions.	A study carried out by Washington State University asked 122 men and women to take a maths test and then guess how well they had done. The guinea pig men and women were then told their scores and asked to take another test. After the second test, there was no information offered about how they had done, but they were asked to guess their results instead. It turned out that men consistently thought they had done better than they actually had. The women’s estimations , on the other hand, were right on the money . Although the sample was quite small, researchers say that gender gaps in areas like science, engineering, and maths may be the result of men thinking too highly of their performance. The report also shows the potential need for positive illusions.
Some US lakes are without fish. Authorities put fish there. They start doing it many years ago. Horses take fish to the lakes in the past. Today, fish travel by plane. It is faster and cheaper. Utah authorities release a video. Men put fish onto a plane. The plane flies above a lake. The plane drops the fish into the water. The plane can drop 35,000 fish at one time. The fish are small. They are special types of fish for fishing. Experts say that most fish survive the fall. It is important that these lakes already have no fish. If there are fish, the new fish can hurt them.	Utah authorities released a very interesting video. In the video, workers loaded fish onto a plane, and then, the plane flew to a lake. When the plane was flying just above the lake, it dropped the fish in the water below. Utah and other US states put fish into lakes for many years, but then the method changed. In the past, fish traveled in milk cans, and horses took them to the right place. Today´s method is quicker, cheaper, and experts say that it is less stressful for the fish. The fish end up in lakes where there are no other fish, which means that they cannot have a negative impact on other fish populations . Experts said that most fish survived the drop without injury.	The Utah division of wildlife resources has released video footage showing fish being loaded onto a plane and then dropped into their new home, a lake in the state´s Boulder mountain region. Utah and other states across the US have been restocking lakes for decades. Before the 1950s, fish were loaded into milk cans and drawn by horses to remote areas. Plane drops are much quicker, cost-effective , and they´re supposed to be less stressful for the fish. The fish include rainbow trout, tiger trout, splake, and other fish that are specifically raised for fishing. They´re dropped into fish-less lakes that don´t have any natural reproduction , and therefore they don´t affect any native fish populations. The planes hold hundreds of kilograms of water, and they can drop 35,000 fish in one flight. According to experts, the fish are small and released along with water, which means that they survive their airplane drop without injury.
A plane flies from Egypt to Russia. It takes off in Sharm el-Sheikh. It wants to fly to St Petersburg. The plane crashes in Egypt. After it takes off, it crashes 25 minutes later. People investigate the crash. We must wait for more information. Vladimir Putin also orders an official investigation. He is sorry that this happened.	A Russian plane crashed in Egypt. All of the 224 passengers were Russian, 17 of them children. The plane was flying from Sharm el-Sheikh to St Petersburg. About 25 minutes after take-off, the airbus lost contact with air traffic control. It was travelling at 9.4 kilometres. People are investigating the incident. The Egyptian Prime Minister said that it was too soon to determine the cause . Vladimir Putin also ordered an official investigation into the crash. He expressed his condolences to the families.	A Russian airliner has crashed in Egypt, central Sinai, with 224 people on board. The passenger jet was flying from the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh, bound for the Russian city of St Petersburg. The airbus lost contact with air traffic control about 25 minutes after take-off. The plane then disappeared from radar screens as it travelled at 31,000 feet (9.4 kilometres).The Egyptian Prime Minister’s office confirmed that it crashed early this morning, stating it was “too soon to determine the cause”. “There is an operations team from the Civil Aviation’s Ministry going now to the site of the location of the accident to start an investigation into it and all the details. There has been coordination with the Russian side and there has been communication. An operations team will be going there to begin the investigation, and of course there is communication with the Russian Ambassador with regards to this.” Wreckage of the plane was found in the Hassana area. Egyptian officials say all the passengers were Russian, 17 of them children. Vladimir Putin has expressed his condolences to the victims’ families. The Russian President has ordered an official investigation into the crash.
Sebastian Kurz becomes Austria’s new chancellor . He is 31. He is the youngest European leader. His party is the People’s Party. The People’s Party goes into coalition with the Freedom Party. Nazis started the Freedom Party in the 1950s. Some people do not like this coalition. They protest. Around 6,000 people protest in Vienna. They say, ’Shame on you Sebastian’.	People swore in Sebastian Kurz as Austria’s new chancellor . He is only 31 years old, which makes him the youngest European leader. His party is the People’s Party, and it went into coalition with the Freedom Party. Nazis started the Freedom Party in the 1950s. The Freedom Party says that it does not believe what it believed in the 1950s. Around 6,000 protesters were outside the Hofburg Palace in Vienna. They protested the new government as they do not like that Kurz is in coalition with the Freedom Party. They chanted , ‘Shame on you, Sebastian’.	People swore in thirty-one-year-old Sebastian Kurz as Austria’s chancellor , making him the youngest European leader. His People’s Party has gone into coalition with the far-right Freedom Party, which the Nazis founded in the 1950s, but the Freedom Party denies holding those beliefs today. The Freedom Party politicians will head the Interior, Defence, and Foreign ministries. Outside the Hofburg Palace in Vienna, where the swearing-in took place, 6,000 protesters marched and chanted , ‘Shame on you, Sebastian’. One protester said the one problem was the normalisation of right-wing extremism, and the other problem was losing hard-fought social rights. She said that, ‘This was not just foreigners against the natives but also the poor against the rich’. The new government says that it will create stricter asylum rules and keep Austria in the EU.
In Argentina, an activist  disappears . This happens in August. It happens during a protest. The protest supports a native leader. The protesters also want the native lands back. Last Tuesday, people find the activist’s body. Some people think that the police are hiding what happened. They say that the government does not care. The police say that they did nothing.	An activist  disappeared in August in Argentina during a protest. The people were protesting for a native leader. They wanted him to be let out of jail, and they also wanted a clothing company to give back land to the native people. Last Tuesday, the activist’s family said that someone found his body. Some people think that the police are hiding what happened to him and that the government is not saying anything. The police say that they never arrested him or did anything wrong. There were many disappearances by Argentina’s government in recent years. People still remember this.	In Argentina, an activist named Santiago Maldonado disappeared on August 1, 2017, during a protest to release the indigenous leader of Mapuche from jail and to ask the clothing company Benneton to relinquish land to the Mapuche. Last Tuesday, Santiago’s family reported that someone had found his body. Some rights groups think that there was a police cover-up on what happened to Santiago. One woman said that the border police killed him to make him go away and that the government is not taking responsibility. The police say that they never arrested him and deny any wrongdoing. Argentina has a history of forced  disappearances during the time of the military  junta and it still casts a shadow .
A snake enters a school. The school is in India. The snake is big. It is non-venomous . People take the snake away from the school. People want to take pictures with the snake. One man wants to take a selfie. He stands next to the snake. The snake bites him.	In India, a python entered a school. Officials came and removed it from the school. After removing the snake, people wanted to take pictures with it. One man wanted to take a selfie, but the snake bit him when he was posing . Later, people took the snake away again, but the man will remember it forever.	Forest department officials in India’s Rajasthan state removed a python that entered the premises of a school. After successfully capturing the snake, people started to pose for pictures with it. One man tried to take a selfie with the snake, and he got bit. Later, officials took the snake away again, but the man will surely hold onto the moment forever, regardless  of having actually taken a picture.
Many green sea turtles swim to an island. The island is in Australia. The turtles lay their eggs. There is a problem. The sea is rising . The eggs are in danger. A sea turtle can lay 100 eggs at a time. However, the water can cover the eggs. The babies inside the eggs will not grow. People want to keep the eggs safe. They change part of the island’s beach. They make it taller. It costs money, but the turtles are safe.	Tens of thousands of green sea turtles come to an island in Australia to lay their eggs. People think that the island is the biggest nesting site in the world. However, rising sea levels are threatening the island. One expert explained that when a sea turtle mum lays 100 eggs, the water will probably flood the eggs during the next high tide. The babies will probably not develop. To create space and protect the eggs, people reshaped and raised 150 metres of the island’s beach.	At what people think is the biggest nesting site in the world, tens of thousands of green sea turtles come to lay eggs. The turtles swim to Raine Island in Australia, but rising sea levels mean that water is threatening the island. Andy Dunstan with Queensland Parks and Wildlife explained that one sea turtle mum is laying a clutch of 100 eggs, but the water will probably flood the eggs during the next high tide, and they will not develop. To create space and protect sea turtle eggs from flooding, people reshaped and raised 150 metres of the island’s beach with great results; however, saving the turtles is not cheap or easy. A public  partnership is funding this effort at about 8 million Australian dollars over 5 years.
This news is about Star Wars. Are you a fan? People make a big Star Wars model. You can see it in England. The model is made from Legos. 500,000 pieces of Legos make it. It is 860 kilograms heavy. It is three metres high. Fifteen people build it for 3 months. It is a model of the Death Star. The Death Star is a weapon . There are fighter jets around the Death Star. They are attacking it. People can turn on light and sound effects with the model.	In England, people made one of the biggest ever Lego Star Wars models in a Legoland resort . It is a model of the Empire’s super weapon : the Death Star, which rebels attack in “Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope”. People made the Death Star from 500,000 Lego bricks. It weighs 860 kilograms and it is three metres high. It took 15 people 3 months to build the model and three days to install it. Guests can bring the model to life by turning on its sound and light effects.	In a Legoland in England, people constructed one of the biggest-ever Lego Star Wars models  – it consisted of 500,000 Lego bricks. The model recreates the Empire’s ultimate super weapon: the Death Star. Weighing in at a hefty 860 kilograms, the model took 15 model-makers 3 months to build and three days to install. It is sure the huge 2.4-metre wide, 3-metre high creation will attract Star Wars super fans in droves . They will even be able to trigger sounds and light effects to bring the scene to life. The model depicts the dramatic scene of the rebel alliance attack on the moon-sized space station in ‘Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope’.
This news is about technology. Apple unveils a new laptop. It is the new MacBook Pro. It is thinner, lighter, and it has a fingerprint reader . There is also the new Touch Bar. It is a long touch display. It replaces the function keys. When you change from app to app, the Touch Bar changes, too. It gives you the best keys for the application that you are using at the moment. The new laptop has no USB port or SD card slot. There still is a standard 3.5 mm headphone jack. The new laptop is $200 more expensive. It starts at $1,499 in the USA.	Apple unveiled its newest MacBook Pro last week. Tim Cook, the company’s CEO, called it absolutely incredible . The laptop is thinner, lighter and comes with a fingerprint reader. There is also the new touch panel, which Apple calls the Touch Bar. It replaces the function keys and changes depending on the currently running application. Standard USB ports and SD card slots are gone, but there still is a standard 3.5 mm headphone jack. The new versions cost $200 more than the 2015 models, so the prices are starting at $1,499 in the US.	Claiming that Apple has been defining and redefining what a notebook is and what a notebook can do for the past 25 years, Apple recently unveiled its newest MacBook Pro. Being called absolutely incredible, the laptop does have some very distinctive  features . The laptop is thinner, lighter and comes with a fingerprint reader. There is also the new touch panel, which Apple calls the Touch Bar, and it replaced the function keys with dynamic shortcuts – the shortcuts can change depending on the application that you use. Standard USB ports and SD card slots are gone, but there still is a headphone socket. The new versions cost more than $200 more than the 2015 models with prices starting at $1,499 in the US.
Some people from the Philippines set a new record. They play basketball for 120 hours, 1 minute and 7 seconds. That is more than five days long. They play for the five days non-stop. It is not easy. They are under stress. They must not leave the basketball court . The pain in their bodies disappears at the end of the match. All the players are very happy.	Two teams of 12 players from the Philippines set a new record. They played basketball for 120 hours, 1 minute and 7 seconds. That means that they were playing basketball for five days non-stop. They went through stress and pain. They were not allowed to leave the court . They could rest only when they were subbed off . It was hard, but the pain disappeared at the end. Everybody was so happy. They achieved what they wanted.	A final whistle that everyone will have been dying to hear, marking the end of the longest game of basketball ever played. “120 hours, 1 minute, 7 seconds.” Having started on Monday, the two teams of 12 players from Manila in the Philippines have been shooting hoops non-stop for five days. “We went through so much, the hardships , the stress, the pain and the emotional strain mixed together, but when we saw the clock reaching 120 hours, the pain vanished . We’re so happy.” And in what sounds like the most grueling record attempt ever, the players had to follow strict instructions, including not being allowed to leave the court, only being allowed to rest when they were subbed off and not showing any sign of fatigue during play. And 120 hours, one minute and seven seconds later, they had easily beaten the previous record of 112 hours and were able to get a well-earned rest.
People in Canada vote for a new Prime Minister . The winner is the current Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau. He is the leader of a group called the Liberals. He is in a difficult situation. He has 157 seats in the Canadian government for people from his group. It is not enough. He needs help of other groups to make laws. Trudeau wants better lives for people in Canada. He also wants to protect nature.  He wants to make the streets safe. In the past, he focuses on nature also. He helps people from Syria and Iraq. He makes business with the US and Mexico.	People in Canada voted Justin Trudeau the Prime Minister again. He is the leader of the Liberal Party. His party won 157 seats in the Parliament. It is not enough to make legislation. He needs to form a government with the help of other parties . At the moment, the parties are not known. Trudeau says that he wants to make better lives for Canadian people and make the streets safer. In the past, Trudeau focused on climate and helped people who came from Syria and Iraq. He also legalized a drug called cannabis and helped to make a deal between Canada, the US and Mexico.	Canadian voters reelected the Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, and his Liberal Party. To secure a majority government , one party needs 170 seats. However, Trudeau´s Liberal Party won 157 seats in the Parliament, which means it is a minority government . Trudeau has to work with other parties in the Parliament to pass legislation. At the moment, it is not clear which parties will form the minority government with the Liberals. In his speech after election, he said that he wants to make the standard of living better, fight climate change, and get guns off the streets. During his first time as Prime Minister, Trudeau focused on climate change, helping people that came from other countries, the legalization of cannabis, and a new free trade deal between Canada, the US and Mexico.
On Kenya’s beaches, there is a lot of plastic waste . This is a big problem for turtles. They eat the plastic. The plastic kills them. They eat it because they think that it is jellyfish . People find out that young turtles eat plastic more often than adults . They die, also. When there is plastic on beaches, turtles cannot lay eggs. Plastics also blocks the way to the ocean. This is a problem for young turtles. They cannot get into the water.	Water deposits plastic waste from all over the world on Kenya’s beaches. That is a big problem for turtles as many of them eat the plastic because they think that it is jellyfish, and then they die. A new report found that young turtles die more often than adults because of plastic. Moreover, when there are a lot of plastics on beaches, turtles cannot lay eggs. When the baby turtles hatch on beaches with plastics, they cannot get to the ocean. Out of every 1,000 turtles hatched, only one grows into adulthood, according to the WWF .	Global currents deposit marine debris from all over the world on Kenya’s beaches which is a big problem for turtles. A report found that 23% of juvenile and 54% of post- hatchling turtles ingested plastic, suggesting that young turtles are more likely to die than the adults by eating plastic. Hassan Mohammed from the World Wildlife Fund said that turtles sometimes confuse plastics for food, thinking that they are jellyfish. Moreover, when there are a lot of plastics around hatching sites, turtles are unable to lay eggs and when baby turtles hatch, they cannot reach the ocean. Out of every 1,000 turtles hatched, only one grows into adulthood, according to the WWF.
Buildings in Nigeria often collapse. This happens because the buildings are not inspected . People are building a church. The workers are working too fast. They want to finish it for a special event. A man is made bishop at the event. Hundreds of people come to the event. The church collapses . Around 160 people die.	Buildings in Nigeria often collapse because people bribe inspectors . The latest building collapse was a church in a town called Uyo. Before the collapse, workers were working fast to finish before a special event. The event was a consecration of a man as bishop. Hundreds of people were inside at the time of the collapse. So far 160 people have died. People worry, that there will be more dead bodies.	A church in the town of Uyo in Nigeria collapsed, killing 160 people. So many people were inside at the time to see the consecration of the church’s founder as the church’s bishop. Construction workers had been working on the church and had rushed to finish in time for the big event. People say that building collapses in Nigeria are unfortunately common because of inspectors being bribed . Officials worry that the death toll of this collapse will continue rising.
North Korea tries to launch a missile . The USA reacts. It sends a warship to Korea. The situation is getting more and more serious. A supply ship is going to the warship. It needs protection. A Japanese warship goes with it. It is Japan’s biggest warship. It can carry helicopters. Its name is Izumo.	North Korea tried to launch a missile , and the USA reacted. It sent an aircraft carrier to the Korean waters last week. A supply vessel needed to sail to the carrier, and a Japanese warship went with it to protect it. It is the largest Japanese warship. It is the helicopter carrier Izumo. The situation in the region is getting more and more serious. North Korea threatens to sink the American carrier.	Japan dispatched its largest warship, the helicopter carrier Izumo, since it passed laws expanding the role of its military. It is escorting a US supply  vessel within Japanese waters. The US ship will refuel US vessels in the area, including the Carl Vinson aircraft carrier group sent to the Korean waters last week, in response to North Korea’s failed missile test. North Korea has threatened to sink the carrier amid rising tensions in the region.
This news is from South Africa. Thousands of people protest. They protest at a university. They protest against higher tuition fees . The protest is peaceful. However, it is illegal . People must not meet at the campus. The police come. They shoot at the people. South Africans are angry. They want education. They say that education is only for rich white people.	Thousands of people protested outside South Africa’s Wits University. They were demonstrating against higher tuition fees . The peaceful protest soon turned violent. The police arrived to enforce a court order against public gathering at the campus. They shot tear gas, stun grenades, and rubber bullets on the crowd. People in South Africa are frustrated. Some feel that 20 years after apartheid ended, higher education is still only for rich white families.	Thousands of protesters gathered in the streets outside South Africa’s Wits University demonstrating against higher tuition fees, but it was not long before the scenes turned an uglier colour and a peaceful protest became a war zone. The police arrived to enforce a court order against public gathering at the campus, unleashing a barrage of tear gas, stun grenades, and rubber bullets on the crowd. People in South Africa are frustrated, some feeling that higher education is still limited to wealthy white families over two decades after apartheid ended. When the government declared last month that tuition fees would continue to rise, tensions were perhaps destined to boil over. University administrators warned that any further freezes to fees could damage their academic programs, but for many of the protesters, they would simply like the opportunity to learn.
A British student goes to the United Arab Emirates to study. In May, a court has a hearing with this student. People think that he is a spy. The student does not have his lawyer there. People say that the hearing is fast. They say that the British media cannot be there. The court says that he is guilty . It sends him to jail. This shocks the student’s family. It shocks the UK government . Suddenly, the UAE’s king lets prisoners free. The student is one of them. This is for two reasons. His family asks for forgiveness. It is also for the relationship between the two countries.	In May in the United Arab Emirates, a court found that a British student was guilty of spying and sent him to jail for 25 years. A British government official said that at the hearing , the student could not have his lawyer, it took five minutes, and the British media was banned . The decision shocked the student’s family and the UK government, and some officials questioned why they should work with the country. Recently, the UAE’s king decided to release the student with other prisoners because of his family’s request for clemency and the historical relationship between the two countries.	In May in the United Arab Emirates, a court convicted 31-year-old Matthew Hedges, a British Ph.D. student, to a 25-year sentence for spying. Hedges contested that he was there to study for his degree. A British government official said that at the hearing , Hedges was not allowed to have his lawyer, the hearing took five minutes, and the British media was banned. The verdict shocked his family and the UK government. Officials questioned their ties to the country, with one asking why they should want to defend the UAE if Hedges was kept in jail in these circumstances. The UAE’s king recently decided to release Hedges among another 785 prisoners due to his family’s request for clemency and ‘in consideration to the close ties and historical relationship’ between the two countries.
Gordon and Mary Davis are British. They are both 89 years old. They are married for 68 years. Mary lives at home before the coronavirus. Her husband is ill. He must live in a care home . Gordon needs to go to hospital. Mary starts to live in a care home, too. It is not the same care home where Gordon lives. It is a care home in Mansfield. Mary and Gordon do not see each other for months. Then a free room is in the care home in Mansfield. People who work there make a surprise . They move Gordon in. Mary does not know about it. Mary and Gordon see each other again. They cry because they are very happy.	Gordon and Mary Davis are both 89 years old. They got married 68 years ago. Before the coronavirus pandemic started, Mary was living at home and Gordon was in a care home . Gordon fell ill and he needed to go to hospital. During the pandemic, Mary moved into a care home in Mansfield, UK. It was not the same care home which Gordon stayed at. It meant that the couple did not see each other for months. It happened that there was a room available in the Mansfield care home. Staff wanted to surprise Mary, and they did not tell her that Gordon would move in. When the couple saw each other after such a long time, they both started to cry. They were happy to be together again.	Gordon and Mary Davis, both 89 years old, have been married for 68 years. Mary had been living at home at the start of the pandemic while her husband was in a care home. Mary then moved into Baily House Care Home in Mansfield, UK, that was a different care home from Gordon. They had been separated during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, after Gordon fell ill, and he needed to receive medical treatment. However, a room became available at the same care home where Mary stayed. Staff decided to surprise Mary by not telling her that her husband had moved in to join her, and the elderly couple were both in tears as they realized that they could at last hold each other. Care home staff filmed the emotional reunion and they shared it on Facebook, where it got more than four million views. According to staff, the couple were astounded by the response, and the home has been inundated with messages and gifts from around the world.
Facebook makes its first smart glasses. Other companies make smart glasses in the past. They are not successful. Google makes Google glass in 2013. People do not like how the glass looks. Mark Zuckerberg is the boss of Facebook. He says that users of the glasses can take photos and make videos. They can put them on social media. Users can also make calls and listen to music and podcasts . Users can wear the glasses and communicate with other people at the same time. Facebook works with the company Ray-Ban. Ray-Ban makes sunglasses. People love how they look. Facebook hopes that people will love the new smart glasses, too.	On Thursday, Facebook introduced its first smart glasses, and it became the latest company which tried to make smart glasses mainstream . Wearers will be able to take photos and make short videos and then easily post them on social media. They can also make calls and listen to music and podcasts with the glasses. Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook´s founder and CEO, said that phones were not the most important device anymore and that smart glasses wearers could interact with the device and with people around them at the same time. In 2013, the company Google introduced its Google glass, but people did not like how it looked. That is why Facebook worked together with the company Ray-Ban. Ray-Ban is a leader in eye wear , and people love its style. Facebook hopes that people will love its smart glasses and that it will change the way how they see the world.	Facebook launched its first smart glasses on Thursday in a step toward its goal of offering true augmented-reality  spectacles . The social media giant is the latest company to try to make video glasses go mainstream. The company unveiled its first pair of smart glasses that allows wearers to capture photos and short videos from their point of view and to easily post them on Facebook, Instagram, or WhatsApp. Users can also listen to music and podcasts, as well as take calls. According to Facebook´s founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook wanted to build best-in-class glasses, and therefore they used the popular Ray-Ban frames that people already loved. Zuckerberg added that users wouldn´t have to choose between interacting with the device or the world around them anymore. Google launched its Google glass in 2013; however, they abandoned it in 2015. That´s why Facebook teamed up with Ray-Ban to make its model look more fashionable and address privacy measures by including an LED light that appears when the glasses are recording.
The Burj Khalifa is the tallest building in the world. It is in the United Arab Emirates (UAE). It is about 2,700 feet tall. It becomes a symbol of an important campaign . The campaign is called ´10 Million Meals´. Dubai´s ruler has an idea. He wants to help people in the UAE. Many people in the UAE have problems. The coronavirus is in the UAE. The campaign wants to give free meals to these people. In the last two weeks, people donate $3 million dollars. This is enough money for 1.2 million meals. UAE officials are happy. The campaign shows that people want to help each other.	The Burj Khalifa in the United Arab Emirates, UAE, is the world´s tallest building. It is about 2,700 feet tall, and it became a symbol of an important campaign . The ´10 Million Meals´ campaign will support people who got into problems because of the coronavirus. The campaign will give meals to individuals and families, too. Dubai´s ruler got this idea because he wanted to help people in UAE. When someone donates money, or one meal is ready, the building switches on. After two weeks, the campaign raised more than $3 million dollars. That was enough money to make 1.2 million meals. UAE officials are happy, and they said that it was the sign of people´s unity .	The world´s tallest building, the Burj Khalifa, has been turned into a spectacular donation box. Standing tall at about 2,700 feet, the iconic building was switched on every time a donation of 10 dirhams, or one meal, was made. The initiative was a part of the ´10 Million Meals´ campaign by Dubai´s ruler. ´10 Million Meals´ is the biggest community campaign that will provide meals or food parcels to support vulnerable individuals and families affected by COVID-19. Over $3 million dollars have been donated, which provide 1.2 million meals that will be given among people in the UAE. The campaign completed its second week, and UAE officials said that it was a true manifestation of social solidarity and unity.
This news is from India. A leopard is hungry. It looks for prey . It goes into a village. It falls into a well . People hear the leopard. They come to the well. They see the animal. They want to help it. They try to put a rope around the leopard. However, the leopard does not like this. In the end, they save the leopard. People move it up. The rope is around the leopard’s tail.	A leopard strayed into an Indian village because it looked for prey . The leopard fell into a well during the night. Local men heard noises from the well and discovered the leopard. More people came quickly to help the animal. People wanted to catch the leopard with a rope, but the animal did not make it easy. In the end, they saved the leopard, and it was not even injured . People pulled it out of the well by a rope around its tail.	A wild leopard has been rescued from the bottom of a well in a rural part of India. Villagers and forest officials scrambled to the scene in the Indian Province of Gujarat to help get  the animal out. Local men involved in the effort said they heard noises from the well and on approaching the area, they discovered the leopard stuck inside. The rescuers attempted to ensnare the leopard in a rope, but the animal growled and pounced  fiercely when it was being caught. Eventually , the leopard was saved without sustaining any injuries. It was pulled out of the well and into a cage by a rope tightened around its tail. It’s believed the leopard has strayed into the village in search of prey and fell into the well during the night.
Scientists find a special egg in China in 2000. The egg is a fossil. A fossil is a thing that looks like a rock.  A fossil can be very old. This egg is millions of years old. Now the egg is in a museum. Scientists forget about it. People do some building work in the museum last year. Scientists find the egg. They think that there is an embryo inside. They study the egg very carefully. Inside is an embryo of an oviraptorosaur. The oviraptorosaur is a dinosaur. The egg is 17 centimeters long. The embryo is 27 centimeters long. Its head is on its belly. Its legs are on either side. This is usual for birds. It is very important information for scientists. Now they are sure that dinosaurs and birds are related. The oviraptorosaur lives 100 to 66 millions of years ago. It has no teeth. It has feathers like birds.	In 2000, paleontologists in China found an egg in Ganzhou City, and for ten years, the egg was in a museum. Recently, scientists decided to examine the egg because they believed that something was inside. Inside the egg, scientists found an embryo of an oviraptorosaur. This was a type of dinosaur. The egg was 17 centimeters long, and the embryo inside was 27 centimeters long. It had its head on the belly and its feet on either side. This position was usual for birds, and it proved what scientists long thought, that there was a link between dinosaurs and modern birds. Oviraptorosaur was a kind of dinosaur with no teeth but with feathers like birds. It lived in today’s Asia and North America between 100 to 66 million years ago.	Scientists discovered a perfectly preserved embryo in a 66-million-year-old dinosaur egg. Named ´Baby Yingliang´, people discovered the spectacular fossil in Ganzhou City, China. The fossil measured 27 centimeters long from head to tail, and it rested inside a 17-centimeter-long egg. It was put in a museum into storage after people uncovered it in 2000. When construction work began on the museum, people sorted through old fossils, and researchers turned their attention to the egg, as they suspected it held an embryo inside. The discovery has given researchers a greater understanding of the link between dinosaurs and modern birds. Since the fossil was well-preserved, scientists could see its posture clearly. Its head lay on the belly with feet on either side, forming a special curling posture, similar to that of modern bird embryos shortly before they hatch . Therefore, scientists believe that the tucking postures that modern birds developed for successful hatching could have came from dinosaurs tens or hundreds of millions of years ago. Experts said that the dinosaur belonged to a toothless feathered theropod dinosaur, or oviraptorosaur. It lived in what is now Asia and North America between 100 million to 66 million years ago.
Pablo Picasso was an artist. He was born in 1881 in Spain. But he lived in France. He died in 1973. There is a museum in Paris. It has around 5000 of Picasso’s paintings and sculptures . This museum is in a large house. The house is from the 17th century. People renovate the museum. The renovation costs 52 million euros. One million people visit this museum every year.	Pablo Picasso was born in 1881 in Spain, but he spent most of his life in France. He died in 1973. A museum with more than 5000 of the artist’s paintings, sculptures, prints and personal archives re-opened in Paris. A 17th-century mansion contains the museum. The renovation cost about 52 million euros and it tripled the size of the exhibition space . People expect one million visitors to the museum every year. The renovation of this building took five years.	Pablo Picasso once boasted ,”Give me a museum and I’ll fill it.” And the artist’s words have certainly proved true, as a museum filled with his work re-opened in Paris. But the renovation of this exhibition has certainly not been a painter’s dream with repeated delays, infighting and controversy leaving fans waiting five years to see one of the world’s largest collections of this influential artist’s work. The museum finally opened its doors to the public on 25th of October, the birthday of Picasso, who was born in 1881 in Spain but spent most of his adult life in France before his death in 1973. The museum’s situated in a 17th-century mansion and houses more than 5000 of the artist’s paintings, sculptures and prints, as well as his personal archives . The renovation, which cost about 52 million euros has tripled the size of the exhibition space over five floors, making it more accessible to the expected one million visitors per year.
A company in America sets a new world record. It is the record for the largest human mattress  dominoes  chain . 1,200 people are in the chain. The full line takes 13 minutes and 38 seconds to get from the beginning to the end. The company gives the mattresses to poor and homeless people.	An appliance and electronics company in America set a new world record. It is the record for the largest human mattress dominoes chain ever! 1,200 people toppled over one after the other in a warehouse in Maryland. The full line took 13 minutes and 38 seconds to get from the beginning to the end. The company will give the mattresses to local charities. The charities help poor and homeless people.	An appliance and electronics company in America has set a new world record for the largest human mattress dominoes chain ever! 1,200 individuals toppled over one after the other in a warehouse in Maryland. The full line took 13 minutes and 38 seconds to get from the beginning to the end, and was held inside the 70,000-square-feet (6,500 square metres) Gaylord National Resort and Conference Centre. The mattresses will now be donated to local charities aimed  at  combating homelessness and poverty.
An earthquake is in Mexico on Tuesday. The earthquake is very strong. Houses fall down. Water pipes break. The earthquake kills six people. Many people must go to hospital. The earthquake damages some hospitals, too. Officials must evacuate some hospitals. They take the patients and medical workers to a safe place. However, two hospitals look after patients with COVID-19. The situation is very serious. The coronavirus can move to more people easily. Many people have COVID-19 in Mexico. 24,000 people die from COVID-19. The earthquake makes everything worse. Earthquakes happen very often in Mexico. They kill thousands of Mexican people in the past.	A very strong earthquake hit southern Mexico on Tuesday. The earthquake destroyed many buildings, and it killed six people. The earthquake also damaged several hospitals, and officials had to evacuate many patients and medical workers. Two of the hospitals treated patients with COVID-19. In Mexico, almost 24,000 people died from COVID-19, and nearly 200,000 got sick with COVID-19. The situation was very serious, and the earthquake made it even worse. Earthquakes are very common in Mexico, because the country lies on top of three large tectonic plates . The plates move, and they cause earthquakes and volcanic eruptions. In the past, there were very many strong earthquakes in Mexico, and they killed thousands of people.	A 7.4- magnitude earthquake hit southern Mexico on Tuesday, and it killed six people. The earthquake just added to the challenges and misery of the coronavirus pandemic, as medical workers and patients from Mexico City hospitals had to be evacuated. However, even the earthquake could not top the daily shock of the coronavirus. In Mexico, nearly 24,000 people have died from COVID-19, and almost 200,000 people have been infected. Mexico’s president quickly assured the population after the earthquake; however, some people criticize his actions to stop the spread of the coronavirus. Mexico is one of the world´s most seismically active regions, and the country has a long history of devastating earthquakes and volcanic eruptions.
An animation shows flights in Europe. One plane is represented by one white point. The animation uses radar information. It also uses flight plans. Both information is from summer 2013. There are 30,000 flights across Europe every day. You can see two London airports in the video. One day, 5,675 planes came and left British airports.	An amazing animation shows the busy airspace above Europe during summer. Small white points represent airplanes on their way. The animation uses information from radar data on June 21 st , 2013, and flight plans from July 28 th , 2013. There are on average 30,000 flights across Europe every day in July. These flights cover a combined distance of 25 million nautical miles (over 46 million kilometres). The video features  two London airports. On June 21 st , 5,675 airplanes departed and arrived from British airports.	An animation is a stunning visual representation of the packed airspace above Europe at the height of summer on June 21, 2013. There are on average 30,000 flights across European airspace every day in July. These flights cover a combined distance of 46 million kilometres. The video features the English airports of London Heathrow and London Gatwick, which is the busiest airport with only one runway in the world. On June 21, 5,675 airplanes departed or arrived from UK airports, and Gatwick and Heathrow accounted  for 2,295 of those flights.
This news is about wedding dresses. There is a competition . It takes place every year. It takes place in New York this year. People come with special dresses to the competition. They make these dresses out of toilet paper. A dress called “Winter Last” wins. It may remind you of a snowstorm.	Shopping for a wedding dress can be both challenging and time-consuming, but there is an interesting alternative: wedding dresses made out of toilet paper. The 12th annual toilet paper wedding dress contest took place in New York. Designers were allowed to use only toilet paper, glue, tape, needles and thread to create the dresses. The dress called “Winter Last” won the competition and a snowstorm inspired its creator.	People annually transform toilet paper into wedding dresses at the Toilet Paper Wedding Dress Contest in New York. Designers are only allowed to use toilet paper, glue, tape, needles and thread to create their masterpieces. The competition offers a more creative twist to bridal attire and the competitors are always excited as they make it down to the final 10 out of over a thousand hopefuls . In 2016, the dress that won was dubbed “Winter Last”, as it was inspired by the creator’s first snowstorm experience. The creations went on display at one of Ripley’s Believe It or Not global locations, which is a company which deals in strange and unusual items.
The water makes the bridge fall down. Unfortunately there are people on the bridge. They fall into the water. Some of them are able to get out of the water. Some of them are gone. In India, Nepal, and Bangladesh, floods killed over 250 people. People must leave their villages with only suitcases. In South Asia floods affect more than 16 million people. People who flee still have problems. They can get sick, they can get hungry, they can die. You can watch the original video in the Level 3 section.	In Bihar, India, a bridge collapsed from raging floodwater , and people were on the bridge at the time. Some people climbed up on the other side, but we do not know what happened to all of them. Floods have killed over 250 people in India, Nepal, and Bangladesh, and they have devastated villages. People have left with only their suitcases. Across South Asia, the flooding affected more than 16 million people. Those who had to leave are now at risk of illness, hunger, and death.	In Bihar, India, raging floodwater caused a bridge to collapse with people on it, and we do not know what happened to all of those people. Some of them were able to climb up on the other side. The floods have killed at least 78 people and devastated villages in Nepal. Thousands of people have fled their homes with their only suitcases. Since June, flooding and landslides killed over 250 people in India, Nepal, and Bangladesh. Across South Asia, the monsoons have affected more than 16 million people. The people displaced by the weather are now at risk of diseases, starvation , and death.
The rainbow flag represents LGBTQ people. LGBTQ people are people who are other than heterosexual . Gilbert Baker makes the first rainbow flag in 1978. He is an artist. He is gay . He loves flags. He thinks that flags are very popular. People can see the first rainbow flag at a gay parade in San Francisco, California. The flag quickly becomes popular. The flag has eight different colors. It changes in the future. Some people make new flags after Baker´s death in 2017. Some flags have black and brown color on them. It is because people of many colors are a part of the LGBTQ community , too.	The rainbow flag is the symbol of LGBTQ people. LGBTQ people are lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender , and queer  pride . Today, it seems that the flag is everywhere, but this was not always the case. In 1978, an openly gay artist, Gilbert Baker, designed the first rainbow flag. He loved flags, and he thought that they were very powerful. People could see the first rainbow flag at the Gay Freedom Day parade in San Francisco, California. It quickly became very popular not only in the city but in all the world. The flag had eight stripes of different colors, but the design changed more times, and different people preferred different flags. Nowadays, some people prefer a flag which also has a brown and black stripe. They show that people of all color were very important in the history of the LGBTQ community.	The rainbow pride flag´s one of the most recognizable symbols in the world; however, it wasn´t always so ubiquitous . Its predecessors included a lavender rhinoceros, the Greek letter lambda and the pink triangle, all of which have their own separate meanings and histories. However, they weren´t accepted by all of the LGBTQ community. The history of the rainbow flag starts in the 1970s with an artist and activist, Gilbert Baker, who became fascinated with flags, and he found them very powerful. The very first rainbow pride flag was designed and handmade by Baker and a group of volunteers for the 1978 San Francisco Gay Freedom Day parade. Originally eight colors, the flag´s stripes stood for sex, life, healing, sunlight, nature, magic, serenity , and spirit. After the parade, the rainbow pride symbol spread beyond the city. After Baker´s death in 2017, his rainbow flag´s continued to live on and change through redesigns with black and brown stripes, that add visibility to the fact that the pride movement was led by transgender people of color.
Cameroon is a country. It is in Africa. Some people have scorpions. They have 115 of them. They want to take the scorpions to the USA. They want to sell them on the Internet. They send the scorpions from Cameroon to the USA. The scorpions are in Paris. They are at Charles de Gaulle Airport. French officers find the scorpions. They seize them. The scorpions are endangered . They are big, but they are not dangerous to people.	Customs officers at Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris seized 115 live scorpions. The scorpions were travelling from Cameroon in Africa to the USA. There, people were going to sell them on the Internet. The scorpions are from a protected species . Luckily for the customs officers, this species is not dangerous to humans. This incident is not the first one. In 2014, French customs seized almost 14,000 live animals.	It gives a whole new meaning to the term sting operation … Customs officers at Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris have seized 115 live scorpions. They had travelled from Cameroon and were en route to the United States. The arachnids were hidden in two separate shipments. The first shipment of 69 scorpions was discovered on the 18th of September, hidden underneath plastic boxes of centipedes . The other 46 were found a few days later hidden in plastic cups. The large scorpions are of the protected species Pandinus Dictator. Luckily for airport staff , their venom is quite mild and human fatalities are unknown. They were declared as medical research samples, but did not come with the appropriate paperwork that makes it legal to keep and transport them. Authorities believe the scorpions were to be sold on the Internet as “animal companions”. This was not an isolated incident. In 2014, French customs seized almost 14,000 live animals considered protected species.
40 people swim in the ocean. They belong to the US Coast Guard. This means they work on a ship. They keep the beaches and the sea safe . Suddenly , one man sees a shark in the water. The man is on the ship. He starts to shoot at the shark. The shark is about 7 feet long. It swims about 30 feet away from the people. When the man shoots, the shark goes away. However, the shark returns again. The man must shoot again and again. All people get out of the water safely. The shark does not attack them. Finally, the shark swims away.	US Coast Guard members decided to go swimming during their break last week. Suddenly, a shark appeared in the water. The shark was about 7 feet long, and it was swimming about 30 feet away. Then, it started to swim directly towards the people in the water. Another crew member who was on the ship started to shoot at the shark. He hoped that the shark would swim away; however, the shark was not scared, and it came back. All the people got out of the water safely. They said that the shark was not harmed, and they saw it swim away.	US Coast Guard members had a close encounter with a shark during a dip in the Pacific Ocean last week. More than 30 coast guard members decided to go swimming during their break on Tuesday when suddenly they spotted a shark that was swimming about 30 feet away. The shark was approximately 7 feet long, and it repeatedly tried to approach them. All the crew members in the water swam to get out of the ocean, and some made their way to a small boat. A maritime specialist that was on the larger boat began firing at the shark, and each burst briefly took the shark off its path; however, it kept turning back, so the man had to continue firing until all of his shipmates were safe. All crew members made it safely out of the water, and they confirmed that the shark was not harmed.
People protest in Venezuela. Twenty people fight with the police. A boy fights, too. He is 14 years old. A policeman shoots him. The boy dies. The Venezuelan president condemns this. The policeman says that he did this. He goes to prison.	There was a demonstration in a Venezuelan city. Around 20 people fought with the police. A 14-year-old boy was in the violence . A policeman shot the teenager with a rubber bullet, and the boy died on his way to hospital. The policeman confessed to shooting the boy and police arrested him. The Venezuelan president condemned the violence.	A policeman has shot dead a teenage boy during an anti-government protest in Venezuela. Chaotic scenes broke out in the western city of San Cristobal, as 20 people clashed with police in a demonstration over political unrest and the country’s worsening economic crisis. But a 14-year-old boy was caught up  in the violence, and a police officer has confessed to shooting him with a rubber bullet. The head of the citizen security said the teen died in confusing  circumstances and the police officer has been arrested. The Venezuelan president has also condemned the violence. “Some policemen went past there. A fight broke out, the police said they were surrounded and attacked with stones, and one of the police fired his shotgun and this boy was killed. I condemn this killing and I order an investigation in the capture of those responsible. This is how it happened and those responsible for this killing are behind bars .” Officials said the boy died on his way to hospital.
Auschwitz is a concentration camp in Poland for Jewish people during the Second World War. The Germans build the camp. They kill millions of people there. Amazon starts to sell products with pictures of Auschwitz. Among these products are Christmas ornaments and bottle openers. A lot of people get very angry and unhappy. They start to complain about the products. Auschwitz Memorial says that the products are worrying. They do not show respect to history. Amazon’s spokesperson says that Amazon deletes the products immediately. They also inform the people who want to sell products on their site. The people must follow their rules . Amazon can delete their accounts if they do not follow the rules.	Amazon removed Christmas products from its site because they showed images of Auschwitz, a concentration camp in Poland. For example, some of the products were bottle openers or mouse pads. The Auschwitz Memorial tweeted about them, and a lot of people got very angry and started to complain . Auschwitz Memorial said that the products are worrying , and they show no respect to the history or the people who died in the concentration camps. An Amazon spokesperson said that the company stopped selling the products. They also reminded that all people who sell products on Amazon must follow the rules. If they do not follow the rules, Amazon can delete their accounts.	Amazon has pulled Christmas ornaments and other items from its site because they featured images of the Auschwitz concentration camp. The products included bottle openers and a mouse pad and caused an uproar online after the Auschwitz Memorial tweeted about them. The Auschwitz Memorial called the products disturbing and disrespectful and called on Amazon to remove them immediately. An Amazon spokesperson confirmed that the products have been removed. All sellers on Amazon must follow its guidelines and if they do not, their accounts can be removed.
Hello students, we have a website for you. Its name is www.jokesinlevels.com . You can read jokes in three levels. You can also listen to the jokes. Have fun with the jokes . Have a nice day, News in Levels team	Hello students, We have a website for you. Its name is www.jokesinlevels.com . You can read jokes in three levels of difficulty. You can also listen to the jokes and practice your listening skills. Have fun with the jokes . Have a nice day, News in Levels team	Hello students, We have a website for you. Its name is www.jokesinlevels.com . You can read jokes in three levels of difficulty. You can also listen to the jokes and practice your listening skills. Have fun reading the jokes . Have a nice day, News in Levels team
In Iceland, there is a new reality  show . It is about kittens ! People work on the show with a cat protection organisation. The reality show is about four rescue  kittens . They move into a doll house. There are many cameras there to film them. They stay at the doll house for 3 to 4 weeks at a time. The show is a success. People adopt many of the kittens. New kittens get to move into the house. They can get adopted, too.	An Icelandic reality show is helping homeless kittens get new homes through work with a cat protection organisation. The idea behind the reality show is that four rescue kittens move into a doll house for up to 3 to 4 weeks at a time, and they are filmed for many hours a day. So far, the show has been a success. Many of the kittens have been re-homed , and as they get adopted, new homeless kittens take their places.	‘Keeping Up with the Kattasians’ is an Icelandic reality show that follows the lives of some kittens. The set is a large doll house with many cameras so viewers can follow the ‘cat-athleticism’ for many hours a day. The Icelandic Cat Protection Society helped create the show. The idea is that four rescue kittens move into the house for 3 to 4 weeks at a time, and so far, the show has been a ‘pawsitive’ success. Many of the kittens have been re-homed and as each one is adopted, another homeless kitten takes its place.
Egyptian scientists find a tomb . It is in Luxor. It is 3,500 years old. The tomb is from the 18th  dynasty . There are mummies in the tomb. One mummy is of a goldsmith . His name is Amunhat. Scientists find more. There are many historical things. There are statues, for example.	Egyptian scientists discovered a 3,500-year-old tomb . People built it during the 18th dynasty. The tombs are located in the country’s southern city of Luxor. The tomb belonged to a royal goldsmith , who people identified as Amunhat. Scientists found mummies, pottery and a stela . They also found double statues of the goldsmith, his wife, and one of their sons. The archaeologists are still working in the tomb, and they think that they are going to find even more. They also hope that this will help Egypt’s tourism.	Egyptian archaeologists discovered a 3,500-year-old tomb from the 18th dynasty in the country’s southern city of Luxor. The tomb belonged to a royal goldsmith identified as Amunhat. Apart from the mummies, pottery, and a funeral stela , several double statues were found in the tomb too: double statues of the owner of the tomb and his wife with their titles, another statue with one of their sons and further double statues of the son. Egypt’s Antiquities Minister said that the work is not finished yet, and people are expecting to find more objects and tombs in the area of the Draa Abul Nagar necropolis . Some decorations in the tomb had suffered a lot, but the archaeologists hope that the find will boost Egypt’s tourism.
A man from Kentucky, US, kidnaps a girl. Kidnap means that he takes her away from her family. Police look for the girl. The girl learns a special signal on TikTok. She holds her palm up. She puts her thumb into her palm. Then she closes her other fingers over her thumb. This signal means that she is in a dangerous situation. A driver sees the girl in a car. He knows the signal. He calls the police. They save the girl. Police do not know the signal. People start to use the signal during COVID-19. They spend a lot of time at home. Some people do not behave well to each other. The signal helps them. They can show it on a video call.	A 61-year-old man from Kentucky, US, kidnapped a girl. A driver saw this girl in a car, and she gave him a special signal with her hand. The driver knew the signal from social media TikTok, and so he knew that the girl was in danger. The man called the police, and when the police checked the car, the girl was still giving the signal. Police officers did not know the signal, so the girl was very lucky that the man called them. They saved the 16-year-old girl and arrested the 61-year-old man. When you want to signal that you are in danger, you put your thumb into your open palm or hand. Then you close your other four fingers over your thumb. At the start of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, the Canadian Women´s Foundation developed the signal as a way for victims of domestic violence to show that they needed help on a video call.	A 16-year-old girl was rescued in Kentucky, US, after using a hand gesture. She learned the gesture from the social media app TikTok to signal to other motorists that she was in trouble. A motorist notified an emergency center that he observed a young lady in a car, and she appeared to be in distress . When police checked the car, the girl was still giving the signal, but the officers didn´t know what it meant. The signal, turning the palm outwards and closing the fingers around a tucked thumb, has been demonstrated by users on TikTok and by non-profit organizations like the Canadian Women´s Foundation. The signal is a way for an abused person to tell someone that they´re in trouble without alerting the abuser or leaving a digital trace . Police got the girl out of the car safely, and they arrested the driver, a 61-year-old man coming from the same town as the girl.
The weather in 2021 is very extreme. Extreme means that it is different. It is not usual. There are tornadoes, wildfires, and floods in new places. There are heavy floods in Asia, Europe, and New York City. There are many storms. They bring flash floods . Hundreds of people die in Europe. They do not think that floods can come. It is also very hot in the summer of 2021. Hot weather starts many fires in the US, Turkey, and Southern Europe. Something unusual happens in Siberia. Siberia is a cold place. The ground is frozen there. Then, there are fires last year. There are other disasters in 2021. Earthquakes happen in Haiti and Pakistan. Hundreds of people die. Volcanoes erupt in Iceland, Saint Vincent, and the Canary Islands. Many volcanoes erupt. Scientists do not know why.	In October 2021, world leaders met in Glasgow, Scotland, and they talked about how to stop global warming and extreme weather. There were many disasters in 2021 all over the world, and people saw tornadoes, wildfires, and floods in places where they never saw them before. Strong earthquakes hit Haiti and Pakistan, killed hundreds of people. and injured many more. There were heavy floods in Asia, Europe. and even New York City. Storms brought flash floods which nobody expected, and hundreds of people died. Dangerously hot temperatures caused hundreds of fires during the summer in the US, Turkey, and Southern Europe. There were fires even in Siberia in places which were usually cold and the ground was frozen there.	In 2021, global leaders met in Glasgow, Scotland, for the COP26 Climate Summit. For weeks, leaders across the world worked to come to an agreement to save the planet before it is too late. Extreme weather events in 2021 battered and, quite literally, set fire to the world. In August, a powerful 7.2-magnitude earthquake hit Haiti, with at least 300 people dying and 1,800 others being injured. A deadly 5.6-magnitude earthquake also hit Pakistan in October, killing 20 people and injuring hundreds more. 2021 saw intense rains, causing cars and even buildings to float away in historic flash floods. Storm Aida with its 80 millimeters of rain in an hour led to New York City´s first flash flood warning in September. In July, heavy rain wreaked havoc across parts of China, and in the same month in Europe, the continent saw the worst flood in decades. 2021 also had rare tornadoes in unusual places like Ontario, Canada, or Central Europe. Wildfires were also in climate news last year. Fires burned acres of land across the globe, and even the frozen wastelands of Siberia caught fire in the summer.
A girl starts ballet when she is two. Her name is Barbara. She is from England. She stops taking exams when she is around 20. She teaches ballet, however. Many years later, the girl grows into an old woman. She is 80 years old now. Her daughter starts ballet. Her daughter persuades Barbara to start taking exams again. Barbara trains two hours every day for three weeks. She takes Grade 7 ballet exams. She passes. Her plan is to keep dancing. She plans to take Grade 8 exams, too.	Barbara from England began ballet at the age of two. She stopped taking exams when she was in her twenties, but she never stopped teaching ballet. She says that it has kept her healthy. Barbara is 80 years old now. Her daughter began taking adult ballet classes and persuaded Barbara to start taking the exams again. Barbara trained two hours every day for three weeks and then passed her Grade 7 ballet exams. She plans to keep on dancing and take the Grade 8 exams.	An 80-year-old pensioner from England passed her 55-minute Grade 7 ballet exam with merit . Barbara began ballet at the age of two, and while she stopped taking exams in her twenties, she never stopped teaching ballet. She says that it has kept her healthy. Barbara’s daughter, who began taking adult ballet classes, recently persuaded her to start taking exams again. To prepare, she had to train two hours every day for three weeks. Although Barbara lost her flexibility, and she has not done the splits for ten years, she plans to keep on dancing and has her sights on her Grade 8 ballet exams.
There are five types of rhinos on the planet. All of the types are in danger. There are only a few of the rhinos. They can die out. The type that is in most danger is the northern white rhino. Scientists try to save this type of rhino. They freeze their sperm . In 2018, the last male rhino dies. His name is Sudan. Now, there are only two rhinos. They are both female . Scientists take some of their eggs. They use the sperm to make two embryos. These embryos can save the northern white rhino. They are little babies which scientists can put into a female rhino. If everything goes well, a real baby rhino can be born from the embryo.	There are five kinds of rhinos on the planet, and all of them are endangered . One of the reasons is poaching because poachers hunt rhinos as people from Asia buy their horns. The most endangered kind of rhino is the northern white rhino. Sudan was the last male northern white rhino, and he died in 2018. Now, there are only two northern white rhinos left. They are both female. Scientists are trying to save the northern white rhino. They took two eggs from the female rhinos, and they fertilized them with frozen sperm. They created two northern white rhino embryos , and they hope that they can save the white rhino.	There are five rhino species on the planet, and all of them are considered threatened . One of the largest threats is poaching – poachers hunt rhinos because there is a market for their horns in Asia. The most endangered rhino species is the northern white rhino. Sudan was the last male northern white rhino, and he died in 2018. Since then, there are only two of these rhinos left, and they are both female. However, there is still hope for the rhino. Last Wednesday, people reported that an international group of scientists successfully collected mature eggs from the two female rhinos, fertilized them using sperm from two males (who are now dead), and they created two northern white rhino embryos. These embryos could save the species from extinction.
Asia Bibi is from Pakistan. She is Christian. In 2009, she gets in trouble. People say that she says bad things about Islam’s Prophet. This is a very serious crime in Pakistan. The court sentences her to death. This happens in 2010. In 2018, she is not killed. The court sets her free. This makes some people angry. Hundreds of people protest. Mrs Bibi’s plans now are to leave the country.	Asia Bibi is a Christian woman from Pakistan. In 2009, she got into an argument with farm workers. As they did not want to drink from a container that she drank from because she is Christian. A few days later, people said that she insulted Islam’s Prophet. Blasphemy is punished by death in Pakistan and the court sentenced her in 2010. She spent eight years waiting to be killed, but the court freed her instead. This made some people angry and hundreds of them protested in the streets of Karachi. Mrs Bibi’s plans now are to leave the country.	Police arrested Asia Bibi in 2009 in Pakistan after people accused her of blasphemy following a quarrel with two fellow female farm workers who refused to drink from a water container used by a Christian. A few days later, a mob accused her of insulting Islam’s Prophet which led to her conviction in 2010. The court charged her with blasphemy and sentenced to death. After spending eight years on death row, the court acquitted her. The court’s decision sparked a protest – hundreds of people marched in the streets. One of the protesters, the president of Jamaat-e-Islami (a socially conservative Islamist political party) said that there was pressure from Britain, America and the Pakistani government, but this was the matter of the honour of their beloved Prophet. On the other hand, Tahira Abdullah, a human rights activist, said that the Supreme Court of Pakistan rendered an excellent judgement which will set precedent for decades or even centuries to come in the judicial history of Pakistan. Mrs Bibi now plans to leave the country.
This news is from England. It is about Big Ben. Big Ben is in London. It is 156 years old. Big Ben needs repairs . This can cost up to 40 million pounds. The repairs can take four months. At the bottom of the tower, there will be a visitor centre. There will be a lift, too.	Big Ben is a famous symbol of London and England. It is 156 years old, and people last repaired it in 1976. Big Ben is in disrepair and must be repaired. Politicians say that the repairs will cost up to 40 million pounds. Also, Big Ben would be shut down for 4 months. The costs include a visitor centre at the bottom of the tower and a lift.	London’s Big Ben has been bonging for 156 years, but it could all stop with a bang if urgent repairs aren’t carried out. The Great Clock, one of London’s most famous tourist attractions, needs drastic work to stop it falling silent. Politicians say the repairs could cost taxpayers up to 40 million pounds and would shut Big Ben down for up to 4 months. But many say it’ll all be worth it. “Big Ben and the Elizabeth Tower, which it’s on top of, is an iconic image of the UK. It’s arguably the most famous iconic image of the UK, one of the most famous images anywhere in the world. It’s part of the image of the country. I don’t think I know many developing-world countries that would allow an iconic status symbol on that scale to fall into disrepair .” The cross-party Commons Finance Committee’s report says Big Ben has “chronic problems” with the bearings behind the hands and pendulum . There is also severe metal erosion, cracks in the roof and other structural defects. Upgrades were also needed to bring the building in line with health and safety regulations. The costs include plans to build a visitor centre at the bottom of the tower, and a lift to take observers to the top. It’s been 31 years since its last overhaul . In 1976, repairs saw the clock stopped for 26 days over nine months.
The Internet is international . Most countries have international Internet. However, a country can have its own Internet . For example, China has its own Internet. Russia wants to have its own Internet, too. President Vladimir Putin says ‘yes’ to new laws. With its own Internet, Russia does not need international servers. Russia says that this is good for the Internet’s stability. It says that the Internet can be safer like this. Some people criticise this. They say that Russia is doing this to block free speech .	Russian President Vladimir Putin signed new laws last Wednesday. Their aim is to create the country’s own Internet, and this would mean that the Russian Internet would not need international servers. The Russian government could take control in case of danger to the stable and safe operation of the Russian Internet in the Russian territory. Russia plans to test this new system later this year and the laws will take effect in November. However, there are critics of the new system – they that say this could lead to censorship . Some fear Russia could create its version of China’s Great Firewall , which China uses to hinder free speech. There were reports that Russia tried to stop free speech on the Internet before. For example, it banned some sites and messaging platforms. Since 2014, blogs which are visited by more than 3,000 people a month must be registered.	Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a new measure last Wednesday which aims to create the country’s own Internet. This would mean that the Internet would no longer need to go through international servers. The change would let the government take control ‘in case there are threats to the stable, safe and integral operation of the Russian Internet’ in ‘Russian territory’. The country is expected to test the new system later this year, and the legislation is set to take effect in November. However, some critics fear the new measure could lead to censorship, as Newsy has previously reported. The new legislation might lead to Russia creating its own version of China’s Great Firewall, which China uses to severely hinder free speech. People reported that Russia has tried to suppress freedom in the past, namely by banning certain sites and messaging platforms because they refused to follow government orders to curb user privacy. Blogs with more than 3,000 monthly visitors have to be registered as media outlets since 2014.
This news is from England. A woman is in hospital. She is giving birth . Doctors give her an injection. The injection makes her feel no pain. The mother gives birth. Five hours later, she cannot feel her legs. She asks the doctors, but they say that it is fine. The next day, it is the same. She cannot feel her legs. The doctors start to panic. They operate on her. The woman has a clot in her body. It presses on her spinal cord . This is bad. The woman cannot walk now. She feels very bad.	A mother from England was giving birth. She has a heart condition, so doctors gave her an epidural. This is an injection in the back, which numbs your nerves. Five hours after giving birth, she did not have feeling in her legs. Doctors told her that it was fine, but when nothing changed the next day, everybody started to panic. The mother had a blood clot, which was putting pressure on her spinal cord. After giving birth, now she had to be operated on. The mother and child could not see each other the first 6 days, and the mother is now in a wheelchair. People are investigating the incident.	On the surface, this could be any mother and daughter, but Amelie and Irem share a special story. Because of an epidural , Irem had a blood clot which was putting pressure on her spinal cord and meant that Amelie had to spend the first 6 days of her life separated from her mother. And Irem had to endure a long, life-threatening operation just after going through labour. “It was heartbreaking and I didn’t see her then for the next 5 days after that because I was  recovering from the surgery. And all I could think about was what was with Amelie. She was there by herself. It’s really quite heartbreaking.” Because of a heart condition, Irem was advised to have an epidural – an injection in the back, which numbs the nerves. Five hours after giving birth she still didn’t have feeling in her legs. Initially , medical staff seemed unfazed , offering reassurance, but when nothing had changed the next day, doctors went into panic mode. “The aftercare, the time it took to diagnose and treat is a subject to an investigation and, you know, I do feel that, you know, I wasn’t listened to.” Chelsea and Westminster’s own investigation agreed. They recognised delays in picking up symptoms. A legal investigation will focus on whether those delays meant she missed the chance to have surgery earlier. “I really dreamed of being a mum I know as many people do, so not being able to look after her is the hardest thing. I mean, just even watching Adam being able to pick her up and give her a hug is difficult for me because I’m not the one looking after her and I always thought I would be. And it was difficult with bonding for her because even though we spend a lot of time together she, she understands now. Now that she’s a toddler she understands there’s things mum can’t do, so she won’t come to me for those, and that’s really difficult for me.” Irem’s dream of motherhood is now different to how she’d envisioned and life has completely changed for this family.
The fashion industry is not good for the natural world. Now people want to buy clothes from companies which care about the natural world. Many countries sign the Paris deal in 2016. Sixteen of the biggest companies want to change their business. They want to use better materials. They want to make less waste . They promise that they will care about their workers more. A new study says that the companies are not successful. Companies have the biggest problems with waste and workers´ rights. It is not good news for consumers . The biggest fashion companies must change many things. If not, people will buy clothes from smaller companies which care about the natural world.	Many countries signed the Paris climate deal in 2016, and many companies promised that they would care more about the environment. Big fashion companies said that they would choose better materials and reduce waste and emissions . Recently a report said that these companies were not successful. A study looked at the fifteen biggest fashion brands and the highest possible score , which they could get, was 100. The most important things were emissions, waste, workers´ rights , water, and materials. Most companies scored around 36 points, and it meant that they did not keep their promise. The biggest problems were waste and workers´ rights. More than 70% of people prefer buying clothes which do not harm the environment. It means that fashion companies must try harder to keep their promises or they will lose customers.	The fifteen largest fashion companies are falling short when it comes to meeting the social and environmental targets of the 2016 Paris Climate Agreement. Brands were scored out of 100 in their progress towards meeting 16 targets relating to emissions, waste, workers´ rights, water, and materials. Companies ranked based on transparency of their practices and the average score for the 15 big companies was 36 points. On average, waste and workers´ rights were the companies´ biggest downfalls . The fashion industry is under increasing pressure from consumers and governments to clean up its act, and according to statistics, it is responsible for at least 4% of global greenhouse gas emissions. According to reports, more than 70% of consumers regard sustainability when making a purchase.
The Arctic ice is melting . This means that the polar bears cannot hunt . They are hungry. They move south to look for food. Many of them go to a Russian village. They look for food there. They look for it in rubbish dumps . They enter houses and buildings, too. Polar bears are big and strong. They can be dangerous.	A group of polar bears invaded a town in Russia when they were looking for food in rubbish dumps . They also entered homes and public buildings. The town, on an island north of continental Russia, said that this was an emergency as polar bears can be dangerous. People say that there is less and less Arctic ice, so the bears are moving south to look for food.	A town on a remote island off the northern coast of Russia declared a state of emergency after a group of polar bears invaded it. Due to climate change, polar bears are forced into closer contact with humans – they look for food in rubbish dumps and enter homes and public buildings. People say that the invasion started because of melting ice in the Arctic which forces the bears to look for food on land.
In the north of Norway big landslide happens. The earth starts to move into the sea. Eight houses end up in the sea. A man films the landslide. He sees that the land is moving. He runs away. The landslide destroys the man´s house. Most houses are holiday homes. It means that they are empty now. The police say that nobody is hurt. A dog gets stuck on a piece of land. The dog cannot run away. Rescuers in a helicopter save the dog. Experts say that landslides are very normal in Norway. However, this landslide is very big. It is 2,100 feet wide and 492 feet high. It is not usual in this part of Norway.	A helicopter rescued a dog that could not leave a piece of land after a landslide moved the land in Norway. The landslide happened on Wednesday morning, and a local man filmed it. When the man saw that the land started to move, he quickly ran away. The landslide was the largest that ever happened in the Alta area in Norway. It was 2,100 feet wide and 492 feet high, and it swept eight houses into the sea. However, most houses were holiday homes, and they were empty. Local police said that nobody was hurt in the disaster, and nobody went missing . Alta is located in the north of Norway, and large forests are there. Many people visit this area to watch the Northern Lights. The Northern Lights are special colors in the sky that people can see at night.	A dog was rescued by a helicopter after surviving a massive landslide that swept eight homes into the sea in Alta, Norway. The landslide was the largest that the area ever witnessed, measuring 2,100 feet in width and up to 492 feet in height. A local resident filmed the landslide, and he said that he ran for his life when he realized what was happening. Despite serious damage to the homes, no injuries were reported. Many of the buildings were holiday homes, and they were unoccupied at the time of the disaster. Officials say that landslides of this scale happen every one or two years in Norway. However, in Alta, there had never been such a big slide. The Alta area, which is located in Norway´s northernmost county, is known for its forests, coastal landscapes, and Northern Lights .
Earth Hour is a campaign . It happens on the last Saturday of March. It tells people about climate change . It tells people to turn off the lights for one hour. Some people do so. Earth Hour started in Sydney. It started in 2007. Now, around 7,000 cities turn off the lights. They save energy like this. They help the planet.	Earth Hour is a climate change awareness campaign. It began in Sydney in 2007 and it encourages people to turn off lights between 8:30 and 9:30 p.m. on the last Saturday of March. This year, around 7,000 cities took part in Earth Hour. The lights went out in parts of Japan, the Philippines and Hong Kong, where around 4,000 businesses, buildings and schools turned off their lights. By taking part in last year’s event, Hong Kong’s energy consumption went down by 4%. Thanks to this, 153 tons of CO2 did not enter the atmosphere.	The lights went out in parts of Japan, Hong Kong and the Philippines today as part of Earth Hour – a climate change awareness campaign spanning cities around the world, encouraging people to switch off all non- essential lights between 8:30 and 9:30 p.m. local time on the last Saturday of March. In Japan, the capital city’s iconic Tokyo Tower was plunged into darkness to mark WWF ’s Earth Hour. Earth Hour began in Sydney in 2007, asking households and businesses to switch off their lights for 60 minutes to curb down global carbon pollution and promote climate change awareness. And it now spans more than 7,000 cities worldwide. Elsewhere in Hong Kong, around 4,000 businesses, buildings and schools turned off their lights to mark Earth Hour. Hong Kong’s WWF chairman Edward Ho said that taking part in last year’s event showed that by simply dimming the lights for one hour, Hong Kong’s energy consumption was reduced by more than four per cent, avoiding the emission of 153 tons of carbon dioxide .
The movie “ Parasite ” is from South Korea. It is in Korean. People like it a lot. It gets nominations for awards at the Oscars . It is the first South Korean movie to get nominations. It wins an Oscar for the best movie on Sunday. It is the first movie that is not in English to win this award. It also wins awards at other movie organizations. The director says that “Parasite” continues the story of other Korean movies. The movie is about a poor family who wants to be rich.	On Sunday, the South Korean movie “Parasite” won the Oscar for best picture . It became the first non-English language movie to win the highest prize. It also was the first movie from South Korea to get a nomination at the Oscars. “Parasite” also won awards at the Cannes Film Festival, the Screen Actors Guild, and the British Academy of Film and Television Arts. Director Bong Joon-ho said that the movie is “a continuation of all the Korean films that came before.” The movie is about a poor family who wants to become rich.	The South Korean movie “Parasite” won the Oscar for best picture on Sunday, which means that it was the first non-English language movie to win the top prize. It also was the first movie from South Korea to get a nomination at the Oscars. Before the Oscars, “Parasite” also won awards at the Cannes Film Festival, the Screen Actors Guild, and the British Academy of Film and Television Arts. Director Bong Joon-ho said that the movie is “a continuation of all the Korean films that came before. It’s an extension of our history.” The movie is about class  struggles between the rich and poor.
More than 12,000 musicians meet in Caracas, Venezuela. They want to make a new world record for the biggest orchestra . All the musicians are in Venezuela´s national orchestras. They are between 12 and 77 years old. Their concert is one hour long. All the musicians play together for only about 10 minutes. More than 250 people watch them. They are from the Guinness World Records. Every person watches a group of musicians. They see if all the musicians follow the rules . The Guinness World Record will say in 10 days if the musicians have a new record. The musicians play ´Slavonic March´. It is music by Russian Pyotr Tchaikovsky. Tchaikovsky writes it in 1876. He writes it for a concert for people. These people die in the war between Serbia and Turkey.	More than 12,000 musicians met in Caracas, Venezuela, to set a new world record for the biggest orchestra . The musicians had ages between 12 and 77, and they all belonged to Venezuela´s national orchestras. The concert was one hour long, and a part of it was Tchaikovsky´s ´Slavonic March´. Tchaikovsky wrote it in 1876 in Moscow, Russia, for a concert for victims of the war between Serbia and Turkey. More than 250 supervisors watched the musicians play for about ten minutes. In ten days, the Guinness World Records will say if the musicians have a new record or not.	More than 12,000 musicians in Venezuela´s National System of Youth and Children´s Orchestras, known as ´El Sistema´, performed Tchaikovsky´s ´Slavonic March´. They performed for about ten minutes in an attempt to break the Guinness World Record for the largest orchestra performance. The music piece was a tone poem by Tchaikovsky in 1876 to celebrate Russia’s help in the Serbo-Turkish War. Thousands of musicians came together on November 13, with performers ranging in age from 12 to 77. They gathered at the Venezuelan Military Academy in Caracas for the one-hour concert, conducted by Andres Abreu, the 34-year-old nephew of acclaimed Venezuelan Jose Antonio Abreu. More than 250 supervisors observed the performance. The Guinness World Records will determine within ten days whether the musicians set the record.
Cage diving is a popular tourist attraction. People get in a cage and they watch sharks around them. A group of people cage dive in Mexico. A diver is in the cage and a shark comes. It hits the cage and breaks it. It enters the cage. The diver is still inside. This is really scary. People film this. The shark is in the cage, but it soon gets out. When the shark leaves, the diver comes back up. He is fine.	Cage diving is a popular tourist attraction in countries with shark-infested waters. Some people went cage diving off Mexico’s Baja California Peninsula . A shark went for some bait and hit the cage. It broke the cage, and the shark became trapped inside with the diver. Someone filmed the scary moment on camera. After the shark escaped, the diver came back up without a scratch on him. He was able to move out of the shark’s way as it entered the cage.	Cage diving is a popular tourist attraction in countries with shark-infested waters, such as off the west coast off Mexico’s Baja California peninsula . Some people went cage-diving when a shark went for some bait and hit the cage. The shark broke the rail and it became trapped inside the cage with the diver. Someone filmed the horrifying moment on camera and, thankfully, after the shark escaped, the diver resurfaced  remarkably  unscathed . People think that he was able to move out of the shark’s way as it entered the cage.
This week, there is a zip-line off the Eiffel Tower. People jump from the second floor of the tower. They go almost 100 kilometres per hour. They land 800 metres from the tower. This is not the first time that there is a zip-line. However, the previous zip-line was from the first floor. This zip-line is from the second floor. It is more fun.	People in Paris enjoyed zip-lining off the Eiffel Tower. There was another zip-line before, but it was only from the first floor. The new zip-line was from the second floor, so it was more fun. People could reach speeds of almost 100 kilometres per hour. The landing platform was 800 metres from the tower.	Locals and visitors to Paris had the rare opportunity to zip-line off the Eiffel Tower. They took off from the tower’s second floor and landed on a small platform 800 metres away, reaching speeds of up to 97 kilometres per hour. This was the second time that you could zip-line from the Eiffel Tower, but the first experience was not as powerful because people jumped only from the first floor.
In France, a fire happens at the Notre Dame Cathedral. The fire is an accident. It starts up by a tower. It comes down through the ceiling. Firefighters save a lot of the small works of art. An official tells them what works are important. Even though there is a fire, the building does not fall. Its structure still stands. Its two towers in the front still stand. A French official says that people are lucky. People can see if the building is stable . Then they can save the bigger works of art. They can fix the art.	In France, a fire burned down part of the Notre Dame Cathedral. It came down the Cathedral’s spire and burned through the ceiling. The fire started by accident. The building’s structure and the two towers in the front still stand. A French official said that we are lucky that there were not 15 or 30 more minutes of the fire. An official directed firefighters to save much of the smaller and important pieces of art. People will take out the larger pieces of art when the building is more stable. The art has smoke damage, but people can repair the works.	In France, the Notre Dame Cathedral caught on fire earlier this week from an accident, according to investigations. The inferno came down the Cathedral’s spire and burned through the ceiling. However, all is not lost, as the building’s structure and the two front towers still stand. A French official said that 15 or 30 more minutes of the fire could have changed all of this. An official directed firefighters to save much of the smaller and important pieces of art, including Christ’s crown and Saint Louis’ tunic . Those pieces of art are now in the Louvre. People will remove the larger pieces of art when the building is more stable. The art has smoke damage, but people can repair and restore the works.
This news is from Denmark. Starlings  flock together every autumn there. They look for rest and food. Then they go south in the winter. Hundreds of thousands of birds move in formations. They attract people who watch them. A hundred thousand people watch them every year. There are so many starlings that they block the sun. People call this Black Sun. It is the biggest Danish nature event.	Every year in autumn, migrating starlings flock together in Denmark. They look for rest and food on their way south for the winter. Hundreds of thousands of birds swirl into formation against the autumn sky. The show attracts a hundred thousand people each year. There are so many of the birds that they block the view of the sky. That is why people call the biggest Danish nature event Black Sun.	Every year in autumn, migrating starlings  flock together in the marshes of the Wadden Sea National Park in Denmark looking for rest and food on their way south for the winter. Hundreds of thousands of birds swirled into formations against the crisp autumn sky, and attracted quite a crowd of spectators. When the starlings tried to land, they performed a balletic shaping that blocks the view of the sky leading to its rather appropriate nickname, Black Sun, which is the biggest Danish nature event. From the end of September to the beginning of October, people can see up to a million birds landing in a chosen spot at sunset and putting up a show which attracts around a hundred thousand people each year.
This news is about Leonard Cohen. He is Canadian. He is a singer, a songwriter and a poet. His famous song is “Hallelujah”. Many singers cover it. Some are Jeff Buckley and Bono. He releases his 14th album. It is called “You Want It Darker”. Leonard Cohen dies. He is 82. Thousands of people pay tribute to him.	Leonard Cohen was a singer, a songwriter and a poet. He died at the age of 82. His most famous song is “Hallelujah”. Many singers covered it, including Jeff Buckley and Bono. People announced Leonard Cohen’s death on Facebook. Thousands of people paid tribute to the Canadian legend. Just last month, Leonard Cohen released his 14th studio album “You Want It Darker”.	Legendary singer, songwriter and poet, Leonard Cohen, died at the age of 82. Dubbed as one of music’s most revered and prolific visionaries, his most famous song “Hallelujah” has been covered by the likes of Jeff Buckley and Bono. Following the announcement of the Canadian’s death via Facebook, thousands of tributes flooded in with someone calling him the greatest wordsmith of all time. In spite of his success and vast catalogue of music, Leonard Cohen rarely made it into the charts. Just last month, he released his 14th studio album “You Want It Darker”.
People produce cocaine in Peru. They send the cocaine abroad. Small planes move it. In 2014, they moved around 180 tonnes of cocaine. There are 600 drug flights a year. The government of Peru wants to stop this. It makes a new law . Thanks to this law, the military can shoot down the planes. However, the planes move more than drugs. Boats move the drugs, too. People take them on big planes, also.	According to the United States, Peru is the world’s top cocaine producer. People send most of the country’s cocaine sent abroad in small planes. People estimated that small planes moved 180 tonnes of cocaine from Peru in 2014, and that there are 600 of these flights a year. The government of Peru wants to stop this, so it passed a new law. The law lets the military shoot a plane down if someone thinks that the plane is carrying drugs. However, drugs do not leave the country only in small planes. People also move the drugs on boats and on commercial flights.	If suspected of carrying drugs to smuggle out of Peru, the military now has permission to shoot down the aircrafts. The country’s Congress unanimously passed the legislation in an effort to clamp down on flights carrying cocaine. According to the United States, Peru is the world’s top cocaine producer, and it’s estimated most of the country’s cocaine is sent abroad in small planes. The US State Department estimates that small planes moved 180 tonnes of cocaine from Peru in 2014. Congressman Carlos Tubino said Peru can’t allow traffickers to continue to defy its laws. He puts the number of narcotics flights at 600 per year. But the control of drugs trafficking isn’t a simple task. And though measures have been taken to stop the so-called drugs flights, cocaine also leaves the country on boats, in suitcases and in the stomachs of drugs smugglers on commercial flights.
A truck drives onto a bridge. The truck is very heavy. The bridge is small and weak . The bridge falls down. This happens in China. The bridge connects a village with towns. The people from the village have a problem. They cannot use the bridge. They must go around it, and that takes more time. There is a water  pipe under the bridge. The pipe is broken, too.	A truck drove onto a bridge in China but the truck was just too heavy for the bridge. The small concrete bridge collapsed under the truck’s weight. The driver of the truck said that he took a wrong turn in the dark. The bridge connects a village with nearby towns, so the villagers must take long detours to cross the river. The accident also damaged the water pipe, which ran under the bridge.	A bridge crossing ends in disaster after a truck proved too heavy, causing the entire structure to collapse. The small bridge which links a village in east China’s Zhejiang Province with nearby towns collapsed in the early hours of Saturday morning after the driver said he took a wrong turn in the dark. And to add to the problems facing locals as a result of the incident, the truck which was carrying metal rods to a construction site also damaged the main water pipe running beneath the bridge, cutting off the village’s water supply. And with the truck firmly wedged in the destroyed remains of the bridge, villagers are left having to navigate longer detours to cross the river.
This news is about a panda. She lives in Hong Kong. She is 38 years old. That is around 114 in human years. The panda becomes ill. She cannot walk well. She sleeps a lot. She does not eat or drink much. She is dying. Her owners  put her down . Pandas were endangered . People are trying to help pandas. Their situation is getting better.	In 1999, people gave a panda to Hong Kong and she lived at Ocean Park. This year, she was 38 years old. That is around 114 in human years. The panda became ill which meant that she could not walk well, she slept a lot, and she didn’t eat or drink much. Instead of eating 10 kilograms of food a day, she ate only 3. She was dying. Her owners decided to put her down . Pandas were endangered for many years. The biggest problem was that people were destroying their natural habitat . Luckily, the situation is getting better for pandas. People are trying to help them.	Jia Jia, the oldest panda in captivity, has died at 38 years old, which is around 114 in human years. During her last two weeks, Jia Jia slept quite a bit, was unable to walk without difficulty, and was no longer eating or drinking as she used to. Before her illness, she ate around 10 kilograms of food per day, but towards the end of her life, she was eating less than 3 kilos. In the end, her owners at Ocean Park in Hong Kong made the decision to put her down. She came to the park in 1999 when people gifted her to Hong Kong to mark the second anniversary of the city’s handover from Britain. The large mammals were endangered for many years because most of their natural habitat has been destroyed for farming and construction, but last month their status changed to vulnerable thanks to decades of work by conservationists.
There is a video about a killer whale baby. The baby orca was born in Sea World park in Texas. Its mother is 25 years old. Her name is Takara. This is the last baby orca born in the park. It is the end of the breeding  programme in Sea World. Some people worry about orcas which do not live in the open ocean. Activists want to move the mother and the baby into a wildlife reservation.	There is a video of a birth of the last killer whale living in captivity . The calf was born to 25-year-old Takara in a Sea World in Texas. Sea World announced the end of its orca breeding  programme last year. It was after the film ‘Blackfish’. Some people started to worry about the benefits of orcas living in captivity. Animal rights campaigners want to move both the orcas into a wildlife reservation.	The birth of last killer whale living in captivity has been captured on video. The calf was born to 25-year-old Takara in a Sea World park in Texas. Sea World announced the end of its orca breeding programme last year. It was after the film ‘Blackfish’ which raised concerns about welfare of orcas living in captivity. Animal rights campaigners want to move both orcas into a wildlife reservation.
In Jakarta, there is a tower for the Indonesia Stock Exchange . It has a floor that is like a balcony. It is between the first and second floors. Video records that floor collapsing . About 30 students fall down to the floor below. The police say that 80 people get hurt. However, nobody dies. The police block off that part of the building. People can work in the other parts. Leaders say that militants did not make the floor fall.	In Jakarta, a mezzanine floor inside the Indonesia Stock Exchange tower collapsed. About 30 students plunged into the lobby. Police said that there were about 80 injuries but no deaths. Police evacuated and cordoned off the area of the building while trading resumed in the other areas. Leaders say that the floor did not fall because of a militant attack.	In Jakarta, a mezzanine floor inside the Indonesia Stock Exchange tower collapsed, and CCTV video showed about 30 students plunging into the lobby. Police said that although there were about 80 injuries, there were no fatalities . Police evacuated and cordoned off that area of the building, but trading resumed in the other areas. Authorities said that the collapse was not due to a militant attack.
This news is about squirrels . There are two types in the UK. One type is red and little. The other type is bigger and grey. The red squirrel is British. The grey squirrel is from North America. The grey squirrel outcompetes the red squirrel. The grey squirrel also carries a virus. This virus kills the red squirrels. There are only 140,000 red squirrels in the UK. People help the red squirrel. They give something to the grey squirrels. The grey squirrels stop having babies.	The red squirrel is native to the UK, but its numbers are declining . The grey squirrel, which came from North America 150 years ago, outcompetes the red squirrel. It is bigger and it carries a deadly virus. There are only 140,000 red squirrels in the UK. People decide to help them. The plan is to change the way the bodies work in the grey squirrels, so they will not have babies. If people do nothing, the red squirrels will die out within a generation.	The number of red squirrels in the UK, which is the native squirrel, is rapidly declining with only 140,000 left. The grey squirrel, which came from North America about 150 years ago, outcompetes the reds squirrel for food and carries the fatal virus ’squirrel pox’. Conservationists decided to fight back, as the red squirrels could otherwise be extinct within a generation. The programme will control grey squirrel numbers in a humane way by changing the grey squirrel’s hormone cycle, so it will not breed and will die out naturally.
There is a contest in China. Twenty-two cars compete in the contest. These cars are special . They don’t need drivers. They can drive without them. The contest takes two days. The cars go 15 kilometres in the first day. They go around a lake. They also must make a 90-degree turn. That is very difficult.	People held a two-day driverless car contest in China. Up to 22 self-driving cars from 14 universities competed. The competition is called Future Challenge 2014, and there are two categories – the expressways , suburban roads and urban roads. The cars drove 15 kilometres around a local lake in the first day of the race. The cars also had to make a 90-degree turn, which is one of the hardest parts of the race.	A steering wheel  steering itself! Pretty clever, eh? Well, a two-day driverless car contest kicked off this morning in Changshu in east China’s Jiangsu Province. Up to 22 self-driving cars from 14 universities and research institutions are competing with each other. The competition’s called Future Challenge 2014. There’re two categories – the expressways and suburban roads and the urban roads. In the first-day race, these cars will cover 15 kilometres around a local lake. They have to make a 90-degree turn, one of the biggest challenges in the race. The performance is graded according to what you might want to call the “four esses” – safety, smartness, smoothness and speed. This year’s contest is the sixth of its kind.
A bus is on fire in Rome. Police say that there is a short circuit in the bus. The fire starts at the bottom of the bus. It grows quickly. It completely destroys the bus. People must evacuate a nearby department store . Only one man is injured. Firefighters put out the fire.	A bus burst into flames in central Rome, and police said that a short circuit caused the fire. The fire started at the bottom of the vehicle and it quickly spread. People had to evacuate a nearby department store. Firefighters put out the fire, and a passer-by was injured in the incident.	A public transport bus burst into flames in central Rome, forcing the evacuation of a nearby department store. The flames started at the bottom of the bus, and quickly engulfed the whole bus in flames. Firefighters eventually extinguished the fire, and the police reported that a short circuit in the vehicle’s electrical system caused the blaze . One passer-by, who suffered minor burns, was injured in the incident.
Are you a “Star Wars” fan? Well, we have some great news for you! The film franchise is becoming a reality. Disney wants to build two “Star Wars” lands. One “Star Wars” land will be in California. The second “Star Wars” land will be in Florida. There will be two new rides. You will also be able to control the Millennium Falcon spaceship. It is a famous spaceship from “Star Wars”. We do not know how much everything costs. It can be around 1 billion dollars. There is a new Disney park in Shanghai. It will open next year. It cost 5.5 billion dollars.	Disney is transforming “Star Wars” from a galaxy far, far away to California and Florida – Disney announced plans to bring the film franchise to two of its parks. The project will feature two new rides, including one where people take control of the Millennium Falcon spaceship – a famous spaceship from the movies. The construction of the “Star Wars” land will begin in Disneyland in California in 2017. It is not known when the construction in Florida will begin. Disney said nothing about the costs, but it spent 1 billion dollars to build a 12-acre Cars Land. Next year, a 5.5 billion dollar theme park will also open in Shanghai.	“Star Wars” is being transported from a galaxy far, far away to California and Florida after Disney announced plans to bring the celebrated film franchise  to life at two of its theme parks. The announcement of “Star Wars” lands, made by Disney Chief Executive Officer Bob Iger comes as fans gear up for the December release of “The Force Awakens”, the opening film in a new “Star Wars” trilogy. The 14-acre lands at Anaheim and Orlando will introduce a new planet from the intergalactic film saga . The project will feature two new rides, including one where participants take control of the Millennium Falcon spaceship, as well as the Cantina, the infamous  hub of rogue smugglers and traders in the films. Speaking at the the Disney fan convention, D23 Expo, director of “The Force Awakens”, J.J. Abrams, said he couldn’t imagine a Star Wars land without the Millennium Falcon. “Well, you know I think that Bob nailed it by having, by announcing a Millennium Falcon experience because as much as we could all name a bunch of things and places we’d like to go and things we’d like to see, the Falcon is, I think even more than the lightsaber , maybe the most iconic piece of hardware in the Star Wars universe , and so I think it would be hard to imagine a Star Wars land that didn’t have something that involved the flight of the Falcon.” Construction of the “Star Wars” will begin at Disneyland in California in 2017, while a start date for Disney World in Florida hasn’t been set yet. Disney didn’t comment on costs but the company spent 1 billion dollars to build a 12-acre Cars Land that debuted in California in 2012 and now will open a 5.5 billion dollar theme park in Shanghai next year.
There is an explosion in Tunisia. The explosion happens near the US embassy . Two men on a motorcycle drive into a police car. Both men and one police officer die. Five other people end up in a hospital. Tunisia officials say that it is a terrorist attack . However, they do not know which terrorist group the two men belong to. In 2015, three terrorist attacks happen in Tunisia. The situation in the country is dangerous. The Tunisian government must control the situation. There are terrorist groups. They want to kill people. It is not safe to travel to some parts of Tunisia.	On Friday, two suicide bombers drove a motorcycle toward a police truck. The attack happened near the US embassy in Tunisia. The explosion killed both bombers and one police officer, and it injured five other people. It is not clear if the bombers belonged to a terrorist group. However, Tunisian officials said that it was a terrorist attack. In 2015, there were three big terrorist attacks in Tunisia, and many people died. Since that time, there is a state of emergency in the country. There are two main threats for Tunisia: Al-Qaeda, which is a militant Islamic group and Libyan extremists.	On Friday morning, two suicide bombers carried out an attack near the US embassy in Tunisia. According to media, the bombers drove a motorcycle toward a police truck near the embassy, and then they self-detonated . Both attackers and one police officer died in the attack, and five people were injured. It is not clear if the bombers were associated with an extremist group ; however, Tunisian officials referred to the bombing as a terrorist attack. Tunisia has been under a state of emergency since 2015 when three major terrorist attack killed a lot of people. The UK´s travel advisory lists Tunisia´s main terrorist threats as Al-Qaeda and Libyan-based extremists.
A tragedy happens in Genoa, Italy. A part of a bridge falls down. Many people are on the bridge when it falls. The cars and people fall 45 metres down. Firefighters work day and night. They save many people. Thirty-eight people die. There are pictures of the bridge before the fall . The bridge did not look good. It did not look safe.	Around 200 metres of a bridge in Genoa, Italy collapsed. People in their cars fell down 45 metres. Many people were rescued from the rubble but 38 people died. Rescue teams are working day and night to save people. Hundreds more evacuated in case more of the bridge falls down. There are pictures of the bridge weeks before it fell down. You can see that it was crumbling , and some people feared that the bridge was built with ‘ MAFIA concrete’.	Around 200 metres of a bridge in Genoa, Italy collapsed during a sudden storm. While many people came out alive, according to firefighters, 38 people died as a result of the incident which saw cars plunge down 45 metres. Rescue teams have been working around the clock, and hundreds of people have evacuated over fears that more of the bridge will collapse. Pictures taken weeks before the collapse show that the bridge was cracking and crumbling . Officials are launching an investigation to find out why the Morandi Bridge fell, but there are fears that the bridge was built with ‘ MAFIA concrete’.
Queen Elizabeth II often meets with presidents and prime ministers. It is normal for her. She is on a trip in Germany. There she meets someone or something special. She meets a robot! People want to make the robot bow , but it cannot. It could fall over. Instead, the robot waves to the queen. Later, the queen is shown a painting. It is a painting of her. She is young and she sits on a pony. Her father is in the picture too, but she does not recognise him.	Queen Elizabeth II meets with presidents and prime ministers on a regular basis . However, on her trip in Germany, a robot gave her welcome. The robot’s designers wanted to make it bow to the queen, but the robot could fall over, so they just made it wave to her. Later, the queen was presented with a painting which was based on an old photograph. The photograph shows young Elizabeth on a pony with her father. The painting, however, was a bit too different from the picture, as the queen did not recognise her father. Also, she didn’t like the pony’s blue colour.	She meets with presidents and prime ministers on a regular basis, but on her state trip to Germany this week, Queen Elizabeth was given an especially warm welcome by a robot. “Very good! Now and what do we do when we see the queen? Very good!” The robot’s designers had hoped to make it bow to the Queen, but changed their plans at a fear it would fall over. Her Majesty was perhaps less impressed when presented with a painting based on a photograph of a young Elizabeth on a pony with her father, commenting that blue was a strange colour for a horse. “And that’s supposed to be my father?” “Yeah, yeah!” “If you don’t like it, you can get this marzipan . That is from the most famous marzipan factory in Lübeck, the city of Lübeck.”
This news is about the Amazon Rainforest. Scientists say that it is very important for the planet. Sixty per cent of the forest is in Brazil. However, people are cutting down the trees there. They cut more trees each month. People look at May and June 2018 vs. May and June 2019. People cut down thirty-four per cent more trees in May 2019 than in May 2018. People cut down eighty per cent more trees in June 2019 than in June 2018. One scientist says that the Brazilian president is making things worse. He wants to build things in the Amazon. He wants to mine in protected reserves . He wants to do this even if the indigenous people do not want it.	Sixty per cent of the Amazon Rainforest is in Brazil. Scientists say that it is very important for the planet. However, people are cutting down the trees there. This year in May and June, they cut down more trees in May and June last year. People cut down thirty-four per cent more trees this May than last May and 88.4% more trees this June than last June. A scientist from the organization Imazon says that the Brazilian president is making the situation worse. The president called for development in the Amazon, and he also said that he wanted mining in protected reserves. He does not care if the people who live there want the mines or not.	Brazil is home to 60% of the Amazon Rainforest which scientists consider critical to the climate health of the planet. However, people are cutting down the trees there, and there was more deforestation in this year’s months of May and June than last year. In May, deforestation went up by 34% compared to the same month a year ago and 88.4% compared to June this year vs. a year ago. A researcher at Brazilian non-governmental organization Imazon said that the country’s current president made the situation worse. Before Jair Bolsonaro became president in January, environmentalists warned that this would happen. The Brazilian president called for development in the Amazon and said that he wanted to allow mining in protected reserves – whether the people of the jungle like it or not.
Hippos are aggressive , easily scared and very dangerous animals. People can use them for fighting. In Russia, however, they do tricks at a circus show. One circus has three hippos. They roll over, jump, and even play a real-life version of Hungry Hippos. Sometimes, they get close to people, but they are not afraid. The hippos are fully trained. No physical force is used on them.	Hippos are highly aggressive, easily frightened , unpredictable , and one of the most dangerous animals in the world. People can also use them for fighting, but in Russia they do tricks at a circus show. One circus has three hippos, and their handler says that the show is completely safe for people. Even when the hippos get very close to people, they do not seem afraid. The hippos are fully trained and no one uses physical force on them to perform. They roll over, jump, and even play a real-life version of Hungry Hippos.	Hippopotamuses can be described as highly aggressive, unpredictable and among the most dangerous animals in the world. However, ten-year-old Zlat, Jana and Ida perform tricks as part of a touring circus show in Russia. Their handler insists that the show is totally safe for spectators who are at times only a few feet away. The big animals roll over, jump over, and even play a real-life version of Hungry Hippos as part of the performance. People reported that the hippo trio is fully trained without any physical force, but whether they want to perform is another question.
Stratolaunch is a company. It makes the biggest plane in the world. It is 227 metric tons heavy. It is 61 metres long. It has six engines . It is so big so it can carry a rocket. The rocket has a satellite inside. The plane flies the rocket 7,620 metres in the air. From there, the rocket flies to space . Stratolaunch says that launching satellites like this is cheaper than with normal rockets.	Stratolaunch is a company which successfully tested a huge plane on Saturday, April 14th. It is the world’s largest plane by wingspan – it is wider than a football field. It weighs 227 metric tons, is 61-metres-long, and has six engines. It is designed to carry a rocket loaded with a satellite to 7,620 metres in the air. From there, the rocket shoots to space. Stratolaunch says that launching satellites like this is more cost-effective . Planes also deal better with bad weather.	Late Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen founded Stratolaunch, a company which successfully tested the largest plane by wingspan on Saturday, April 14th. It weighs 227 metric tons, has six engines, is 61-metres-long and has a wingspan longer than a football field. It is designed to carry a rocket loaded with a satellite 7,620 metres into the air before shooting the rocket into space. Stratolaunch says the launching satellites like this is more cost-effective, as planes require less fuel than traditional rockets, cheaper infrastructure and equipment, and they are better equipped to fend off weather delays.
This news is from South Carolina. South Carolina is a state in the USA. This news is not good. A police offer stops a driver. It is a normal traffic stop , but it goes wrong. The driver runs out of his car. The policeman wants to stop him. He tries to stop him with a stun gun . Later, he shoots him with a normal gun. The policeman shoots the driver five times. The driver dies. Somebody walks by. He sees all of this. He films it. He tells people about it. Now this policeman is in trouble.	There was a regular traffic stop in South Carolina, USA which went very wrong. The black driver ran out of the car and the white policeman reacted. The officer shot him with a stun gun and then with a normal gun. The policeman shot the driver five times and killed him. Somebody walking by filmed this. He sent the video to The New York Times and the police officer was charged with murder .	These images show the moment a police officer in South Carolina appears to shoot a black man five times as he ran away. A video of the shooting was filmed by a passer-by who released it to The New York Times and local media in Charleston. The footage shows a white officer drawing his gun and firing eight times at a black man who appears to be unarmed . The man then gradually falls to the floor . The officer then shouts repeatedly for him to put his hands behind his back before handcuffing him. “Put your hands behind your back!” He then runs back to where he was initially stood then walks back to the victim and appears to drop an item, reportedly his stun gun next to where he’s lying. The victim, 50-year-old Walter Lamer Scott, was shot on Saturday during a routine traffic stop, after the officer had already hit him with a stun gun. Police officer Michael Slager has been charged with murder.
This news is from Mexico. There is a church. It is 400 years old. In 1966, people build a dam . Water floods the church. It is in a lake. You cannot see it. Now, it is very dry in Mexico. The lake’s water goes down by 24 metres. You can see the church. People come to see it.	In 1966, an area in Mexico flooded after the construction of a dam . One of the flooded buildings was a church. It was built in 1564 by Spanish colonists. There is a drought in Mexico now. The water of the lake with the church inside it went down by 24 metres. The church isn’t underwater at the moment, so many people are coming to see it. Ten years ago, the water was so low that you could walk around the church.	In Mexico, there is a drought , and the ruins of a 16th century church, believed to have been built by Spanish colonists, have surfaced from the receding  reservoir waters. The first time that the church became visible was in 2002, which was again because of a drought. The water levels were so low then the visitors were able to walk around the temple interiors. The 400-year-old roofless church emerged because of the 24-metre water drop in the Grijalva River. Experts believe that the evangelical Dominican friars built the structure in 1564, and it was later inhabited by the Zoque people. After the construction of the Malpaso Dam in 1966, water flooded the area.
In Japan, a woman buys her husband a pet. She gets him a giant African tortoise. The man likes to walk his tortoise. He walks it in Tokyo. The tortoise is very big. It may weigh 70 kilograms! People are surprised to see it. They take pictures of it. They put these pictures on the Internet. It is very popular on the Internet now. The man says that his tortoise is selfish sometimes. When they walk, it wants to make new paths .	In Japan, a woman bought her husband a giant African tortoise from a pet store. He built the tortoise an enclosure and fed it fruits and vegetables. He also started to walk it through the city of Tokyo, much to people’s surprise, as the tortoise may be 70 kilograms heavy and is huge . The tortoise is now an Internet sensation . The man said that the animal is becoming selfish because it wants to make new paths when they walk together, but the man was smiling when he said this.	An elderly Japanese man and his giant African pet tortoise Bon-Chan have become an Internet sensation after pictures of them walking around parts of downtown Tokyo went viral. When the tortoise is not enjoying a walk, he lives in a wooden enclosure designed by the owner himself and chomps on vegetables and fruits, including carrots, lettuce and apples. Bon-chan, also named Master Roshi in reference to a character from the popular Japanese cartoon series Dragon Ball Z, has not been weighed in a while but the owner thinks that his pet is probably around 70 kilograms. The Japanese holiday O-bon inspired the name Bon-chan which were taking place around the time when the tortoise was bought by the owner’s wife.
Santa Claus visits people at Christmas. Sometimes he gives naughty children coal . This time nobody gets coal. A man from an anti-drug unit goes to a house. He looks like Santa Claus. He has a big belly and a comical mask. There are drug dealers in the house. Santa Claus arrests four of them. The policemen find 4564 small cocaine packages. They take the packages from the dealers. All of this happens in Peru. It is now one of the biggest cocaine producers in the world.	The police make an arrest in Peru. One of them looked like Santa Claus´s visit to naughty children, but he did not give anyone coal this time, as he arrested people. A man from undercover anti-drug units was dressed as Santa Claus when the police made a raid into a drug house in Peru. The officer was in a Santa Claus costume with a big belly and a comical mask. The police arrested at least four drug dealers and took 4564 small cocaine packages from three houses. Peru is connected with Columbia as one of the world’s top cocaine producers. This was one way to deal with the problem.	The police made an arrest in Peru. One of them looked like Santa dealing with who has been naughty or nice this year, but instead of getting a lump of coal, people were arrested. A man from undercover anti-drug units was dressed as Father Christmas when the police made a raid into a suspected drug house in Peru. The officer was in a full Santa Claus costume, including a stuffed belly and a comical mask. Police arrested at least four alleged drug traffickers and seized 4564 cocaine paste wrappings from three houses. Peru is tied with Columbia as one of the world’s top cocaine producers. This was one way to deal with the problem.
This news is about a winemaker. He also likes diving. He combines these two hobbies. He puts his wine at the bottom of the sea. His wine matures there. It is in perfect conditions . It is dark down there, quiet, and the temperature is stable . The wine tastes better as it matures at the bottom of the sea.	A Croatian winemaker and diver found a way to combine his two hobbies. He matures his wine at the bottom of the sea. The seabed is perfect for ageing wine. It is dark, quiet, and the temperature is stable. He says that the wine tastes better if it matures down there. He puts each bottle into a clay container and sealed with wax, so it is protected from seawater.	A Croatian winemaker and diver has found a unique way to combine his two passions – he matures his wine at the bottom of the sea. The seabed is perfect for ageing wine, as it is dark, quiet, and has a stable temperature. The winemaker says that the resulting wine has a much more subtle taste than wine matured in cellars. Each bottle is placed in an amphora, which is a clay container used since ancient Greece, and the amphora is sealed with wax to protect it from seawater.
This news is from Taiwan. A plane takes off . There are 58 people on the plane. The plane has problems. Its wing hits a road. A car is on the road. People in the car have a camera. The camera films the accident. The plane then crashes into a river. Nineteen people die. The crash injures fifteen people. Now twenty-four people are missing .	A plane with 58 people on board took off at an airport in Taipei, but it crashed just minutes afterwards. A dashboard camera in a car filmed the moments before the crash. In the video, the plane misses apartment buildings by metres. Then it tilts to one side and hits an overpass with its wing. The plane then crashes into a river. At least 19 people die and 15 people have injuries in the accident. Twenty-four people are still missing.	This amateur video shot from the dashboard of a car recorded the moment the TransAsia plane clipped an overpass with its wing and crashed into a river in Taipei. At least 19 people have been killed after the passenger jet crashed minutes after take-off. The TransAsia ATR 72-600 plane with 58 people on board was on a domestic flight when it hit a road bridge in the capital of Taiwan. The moment of impact was captured on this passing driver’s dashcam and shows the aircraft’s wing clipping a taxi before it disappears out view. The plane also appears to miss apartment buildings by metres. The footage shows a van skidding to a halt on the damaged overpass after barely missing the plane’s wing with small pieces of the aircraft scattered along the road. Taiwan Civil Aeronautics administration said 19 people were confirmed dead, fifteen were injured and 24 still missing.
A child is in a salon . His mother works in the salon. He is waiting for her. He has an iPad. He is playing games on it. A teenager stands next to him. He takes the iPad and runs away. A security camera films this. The police show people the video. They also tell people what the thief looks like. The thief is sixteen years old. Police arrest him.	A four-year-old child was waiting for his mother in a salon in Florida. He was playing games on an iPad. This was in July. A teenager was standing next to him when he snatched the iPad from the child and ran away. The police released the video and a description of the thief . They also offered $3,000 for information which would lead to his arrest. This month, police arrested the 16-year-old thief.	A thief who stole an iPad from a four-year-old child in July has been caught by police in Florida. This CCTV footage shows the moment the teenager snatches the tablet from the hands of the child at a beauty salon in Tamarac. The victim was reportedly playing games on the iPad while he waited for his mother who works at the salon. Police released the video footage and a description of the teenage robber, offering a $3,000 reward for information leading to his arrest. According to news reports citing the Broward Sheriff’s Office, the arrest was made this month when the 16-year-old thief was apprehended by police and charged with one count of strong-arm robbery. In a positive twist to the story, it’s also reported that on hearing about the robbery, Olympic gold medalist Howard Davis Jr. donated a replacement iPad to the salon. Meanwhile, the teenager remains in police custody while prosecutors decide whether or not he should be tried as an adult.
Managers of the best football clubs in Europe have a plan. They want to make a European Super League. The best and biggest teams will be in the new league . The idea starts more than 30 years ago. The clubs want to start the league in 2021. Many people worry that it will change the world of football. 6 British teams sign the deal. Some of these teams are Arsenal, Chelsea, and Liverpool. 6 other teams from Spain and Italy sign, too. Some are Real Madrid, Barcelona, and Juventus. Then football fans get very angry last week. They do not agree with the new league. Some players from the best teams are also not happy. The British prime minister wants to make a new law. This law will make it impossible to make the new league.	Managers of top European football clubs started to think about a European Super League more than 30 years ago. The idea was that the European Super League would include the strongest and biggest football clubs in Europe. Many people worried that a European Super League would mean the end of the Champions League, which was the most popular football competition in the world. The 12 biggest European football clubs signed up to the new league. Some of these clubs were Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool, and Manchester United. Real Madrid, Barcelona, and Juventus were among the six clubs from Spain and Italy who also signed up. Last week, football fans started to protest against the plan. 14 English clubs said that they did not agree with the new league. The UK prime minister Boris Johnson said that he would introduce a new law to stop the plans for a new league.	Talk of a European Super League has been around since the 1980s, with many top football leagues in Europe afraid of such a competition forming. The format of the competition would favor some of the strongest and biggest clubs in European football, and people claimed that it would usher in the end of the Champions League, the most popular cup competition in world football. 12 elite European clubs have signed up to the closed league, including Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester United, and Tottenham. Six elite teams from Spain and Italy were also part of the proposed plans. However, last week, the plans for a European Super League were vigorously rejected by 14 English clubs when fans of all clubs along with influential figures around the game have spoken out against it. The UK prime minister Boris Johnson said that he was prepared to introduce new legislation to prevent the new league.
In December 2006, a man is very sad. He wants to die. He shoots himself in the face. He does not die. Now he wants to live. His face is destroyed . He wants to fix his face. He wants a face transplant . His doctors find a face donor . Doctors operate on him for 56 hours. He gets a new face from another man. He gets a new nose, cheeks , mouth, jaw , chin, and even teeth.	On December 23, 2006, a man was so depressed that he wanted to die. He put a gun below his chin and tried to kill himself. He survived and instantly knew that he had made a terrible mistake. His face was destroyed and he did not want his face to stay this way. He needed a face transplant. His doctor found a face donor and after a 56-hour operation, he had a new face from another man. The transplant gave him a new nose, cheeks , mouth, lips, jaw , chin, and even teeth.	On December 23, 2006, Andy Sandness was 21 years old and very depressed when he put a rifle below his chin and pulled the trigger. He instantly knew that he had made a terrible mistake and begged not to die. Andy also did not want his face to stay the way it was after the rifle blast had destroyed it. He needed a face transplant, one of the rarest surgeries in the world. His plastic surgeon managed to find a face donor and after a gruelling operation of 56 hours, he had a new face from another man. The transplant gave him the nose, cheeks, mouth, lips, jaw, chin, and even the teeth from his donor.
‘Vaping’ is smoking e-cigarettes. In 2017 in the USA, 2 million children between 11–18 vape. Vaping is not healthy. You cannot buy cigarettes if you are 18 or younger. Some states raise this limit. In some states, you must be 21 to buy a cigar, a cigarette, or an e-cigarette. Maryland is a small state in the USA. It is in the Mid-Atlantic region. Around 6 million people live there. It is the 13th state that raises the limit to 21.	Maryland is a small state in the USA in the Mid-Atlantic region and around 6 million people live there. Its governor raised the minimum age to buy tobacco and nicotine products from 18 to 21. He said that it is a reaction to the fact that so many teenagers are vaping . People say that more than 2 million middle school and high school students used e-cigarettes in 2017. Maryland is the 13th American state to raise the age from 18 to 21. One senator plans to make this raise everywhere in the USA.	Maryland, a small American state in the Mid-Atlantic region with a population of 6 million, raised the minimum age to buy tobacco and nicotine products from 18 to 21. The state’s governor said that it was a measure ‘to confront the sharp rise in teen vaping ’. According to one American agency, more than 2 million middle school and high school students used e-cigarettes in 2017. Maryland became the 13th US state to increase the tobacco sale age to 21. Last month, one senator said that he plans to put forward a law which would raise the tobacco sale age to 21 everywhere in the USA.
Oktoberfest is a beer festival. It takes place in Munich, Germany. Six million people come to the festival every year. This year, there is more security. People check visitors’ bags. The festival takes two weeks. Many people wear traditional German clothing. The dresses are called dirndls. The long shorts are called lederhosen. People drink beer from steins. The stein is a big beer mug . One stein holds a litre of beer. People drank 7.3 million litres of beer at the festival last year.	Oktoberfest is a beer festival in Munich, Germany. It brings six million tourists to the city every year. There is an increased security presence this year. People check visitors’ bags. The festival lasts two weeks. Many people wear traditional Bavarian outfits. The dresses are called dirndls and the long shorts are called lederhosen. People drink beer from steins which are big beer mugs. Each stein holds a litre of beer. Last year at the festival, people served 7.3 million litres of beer.	At Oktoberfest 2016, the beer is flowing. This is a beer festival, which brings six million tourists to Munich each year. There is an increased security presence this year with bag checks taking place. Traditional Bavarian outfits are common at the two-week-long festival. Dresses are called dirndls and long shorts are called lederhosen. Waiters carry an impressive number of steins , which each hold a litre of beer. Last year, waiters served 7.3 million litres of beer.
Lava is flowing out of cracks in Hawaii’s volcano . It destroys five homes. Some people do not want to evacuate even though it is dangerous. One person says that Hawaii is both good and bad. It is good because it is beautiful. It is bad because people live on a volcano that can do this. Scientists say that there is going to be more lava. However, they do not know where or when it will come.	Lava continues to flow from fissures in Hawaii’s volcano. It has destroyed five homes. Despite the danger, some residents do not want to evacuate . One resident said that living on Hawaii is both good and bad because the place is beautiful, but people are living on an active volcano. Another resident said that the lava filled up the area in about three hours. Scientists think that lava will continue to come from the volcano, but they are unsure where or when this will happen.	Lava continues to flow out of fissures from Hawaii’s Kilauea volcano and has destroyed five homes. Despite this danger, some residents are not going to evacuate. One woman said that living in Hawaii is a gamble because in addition to the beauty, you are living on an active volcano. A man said that it took about three hours for the area to fill up with lava. Some residents put leaves in the cracks in a road in front of the slow-moving lava as offerings to the Hawaiian goddess Pele . Scientists say that lava will continue to come out of the volcano, but they are not sure when or where this will happen.
This news is about a plane. It is at the Las Vegas Airport. It wants to fly to London. It is a British Airways plane. It has a problem. Its left engine catches fire. All 172 people must leave the plane. They go down emergency slides . This injures many people a little. Fourteen people go to hospital. Then, people stop the fire.	A British Airways plane experienced a technical problem when it was preparing for take-off at Las Vegas Airport. Its left engine caught fire. All 172 people had to be evacuated. Fourteen people went to hospital. Others were injured a little when they were sliding down the emergency slides. Later, firefighters put out the fire in a dangerous incident that thankfully wasn’t a lot worse. The plane was going to fly to London.	“Speedboat 227 heavy, we are evacuating the runway. We have a fire. Repeat, we are evacuating.” The distressed call made by the captain of this plane as everyone on board had to evacuate to escape the flames. All 172 people on board a British Airways flight taxiing on the runway at Las Vegas Airport had to evacuate the plane on emergency slides. Fourteen people on board the London- bound flight were taken to hospital. Most of them sustained minor injuries while sliding down the inflatable chutes . A U.S Federal Aviation Administration spokesman said the left engine of the Boeing 777200 caught fire before take-off. The plane was seen engulfed in flames and smoke. In a statement, British Airways said, ‘The aircraft experienced a technical issue as it was preparing to take off.’ The fire was later put out in a dangerous incident that thankfully wasn’t a lot worse.
This news is about bad weather in Europe. It rains a lot in France. There are floods . Some areas get a lot of rain. 6 weeks’ worth of rain fall in just 24 hours. Many villages are underwater. People evacuate, including a prison. People call for emergency services 4,500 times. There are more than floods. Lighting hits 11 people in a park in Paris. Most of them are children. Lighting kills a man in Poland.	In France heavy rain caused flooding . Bad weather hit the French Open in Paris for a second day. A prison in the centre of the country had to evacuate. On the Franco-Belgian border, 6 weeks’ worth of rain fell in just 24 hours. Many villages are underwater. People called emergency services 4,500 times across the country and hundreds of evacuations happened. The bad weather caused more than floods. Lightning injured 11 people in a Paris park – most of them were children. Lightning also killed a man in southern Poland while he was going down a mountain.	Torrential rain has continued in France, causing extensive flooding. The River Seine in Paris burst its banks. The French Open tennis tournament in the city was hit for a second day by bad weather. A prison in the centre of the country had to be evacuated with detainees bussed to other facilities. On the Franco-Belgian border, 6 weeks’ worth of rain fell in just 24 hours. Dozens of villages and hamlets are underwater. Emergency services were called out 4,500 times across the country and hundreds of evacuations were carried out. The bad weather has been affecting parts of Europe for days. Lightning injured 11 people in a Paris park – most of them children. A man was also killed by lightning in southern Poland while descending a mountain. Forecasters have predicted more rain yet to come.
People have a funny idea in the 1950s. They start thinking about if nuclear  weapons can stop bad storms or hurricanes. People still have this idea now! A government organization says that many people ask about this. The organization says that only some storms become hurricanes. Most storms stay storms. Also, nuclear weapons make radioactive fallout when they explode. This is very bad for the environment and people. Recently, a news organization says that President Trump asks about this idea. He wants to know if the government can use nuclear weapons on a hurricane. However, he says that this not true.	From the 1950s, people started thinking if they could use nuclear weapons to weaken hurricanes. One government organization said that it gets many of these questions every hurricane season, so it created a web page to explain why this would not work. The organization said that only a few of the storms in the ocean become hurricanes. Also, the radioactive fallout from a nuclear weapon would create serious problems. Recently, a news organization said that President Trump wanted to look into using nuclear weapons on a hurricane. However, he said that this was not true.	Since the 1950s, people have wondered if nuclear weapons could destroy or weaken severe weather. The National Ocean and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) said that it receives dozens of these questions every hurricane season, so it put up a web page explaining and debunking these ideas. NOAA said that only 6% of storms in the Atlantic become hurricanes, and there is no way to predict when this will happen. Also, the radioactive  fallout from a nuclear weapon on a hurricane would travel to land and cause serious environmental problems. Recently, a news agency said that President Trump wanted to look into using nuclear weapons on a hurricane. However, he said that this was “fake news.”
NASA sends a probe to Mars. It travels 480 million kilometres. The journey takes six months. It travels at 19,000 kilometres per hour. The probe lands safely. After the landing, it sends people a selfie. The probe is the first probe to drill into the ground of Mars. It goes five metres below the ground. It measures the temperature. It measures earthquakes, too.	NASA sent a probe to Mars that travelled 480-million-kilometres over six months. Before landing, it had to slow down from its speed of 19,000 kilometres per hour. After it landed, it sent people at NASA a selfie. The probe will be the first one to drill below the surface of the red planet . It will put sensors five metres below the ground to measure the planet’s internal heat, and a seismometer will listen for any “marsquakes”.	Another NASA probe successfully landed on Mars. It took it six months to travel the 480-million-kilometre journey and before touchdown, it had to slow down from its speed of 19,000 kilometres per hour. Friction and drag during the descent through the upper Martian atmosphere began the initial slowdown, and before the rocket thrusters slowly landed the probe, a parachute brought it to a more manageable speed. The landing sequence took just six minutes and it was fully automated. People at NASA were delighted after their creation sent them a selfie. The probe will be the first one to drill below the surface of the red planet. A so-called mole will be burrowed five metres down to measure the planet’s internal heat and a seismometer will listen for any “marsquakes”.
The USA is a big country. One big region is the central USA. The weather is very bad there. In five days, there are 130 tornadoes. It rains a lot, too. In one day, 7.62 centimetres of rain comes down. The rain floods roads. It affects around 28 million people.	Recently, the weather in the central states of the USA was so severe that it affected around 28 million people. In just five days, there were more than 130 tornadoes. More than 7.62 centimetres of rain came down in parts of Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma just last Tuesday. In Oklahoma roads had to close because of flooding . In Missouri, people say that two people died in a road accident.	Last Tuesday was the fifth consecutive day of severe weather in the central states of the USA. According to one government agency, people reported more than 130 tornadoes just in five days. The severe storms reportedly dropped more than 7.62 centimetres of rain in parts of Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma just last Tuesday. Roads in Oklahoma had to close because of the flooding, and in Missouri, two people reportedly died in a vehicular accident last Tuesday.
Hurricane Matthew hits Haiti. It is a very strong hurricane. It completely destroys some areas. Hundreds of people die. Thousands of people are homeless. Many people die from falling trees, flying things, and swollen rivers . There is no electricity. People cannot use their phones. They do not have enough food and water. Hospitals cannot help everybody.	Last week, Hurricane Matthew tore through Haiti. It completely destroyed parts of the country’s southwest. Hundreds died and thousands became homeless. Hurricane Matthew is the most powerful Caribbean storm in a decade. Most of the deaths were in towns and fishing villages around the southern coast. Many died by falling trees, flying debris , and swollen rivers . Hospitals in Haiti have problems in caring for the sick and injured. Phone coverage and electricity are down, and people do not have enough food and water.	Hundreds died and thousands are homeless in Haiti in the destruction caused by Hurricane Matthew. The storm completely levelled parts of southwest Haiti as it tore through the area last week. The death toll in the country, as a result of the most powerful Caribbean storm in a decade, has soared to more than 300, and many more people who lost everything are lucky to be alive. Most of the deaths were in towns and fishing villages around the southern coast, with many killed by falling trees, flying debris , and swollen  rivers . With many hospitals having no power and being short on supplies, Haiti is struggling to care for some of its sick and those injured in the hurricane. Non-governmental organisations say that phone coverage and electricity are down and people are running out of food and water.
Kim Jong-un is the leader of North Korea. His family rules North Korea since 1948. Many people think that Kim is not healthy. Kim is at a meeting about the coronavirus on April 11. The media in South Korea say that Kim has a heart operation on April 12. They do not say any details about the operation. April 15 is a holiday in North Korea. Kim´s grandfather has a birthday party. Kim is not at the party. The media start to speculate about Kim´s health. The US is interested in Kim´s health too. North Korea is an important country for the US. The US need to know the truth about Kim. South Korea officials watch the situation in North Korea. They do not have any information about Kim´s health.	The world media is speculating about the health of the North Korea leader, Kim Jong-un. Kim attended a coronavirus meeting on April 11; however, he has not appeared in public since the meeting. On April 12, South Korean media said that Kim had heart surgery. On April 15, there was the birthday celebration of Kim´s grandfather, which is an important day in the country. However, Kim did not come to the party, and media started to wonder why. North Korea plays an important role in world politics, so the US wants to know the truth about Kim´s health. It is difficult to find out the truth because different media provides different information. South Korean officials said that they did not see anything unusual in North Korea, and nothing suggests that the leader has serious health problems.	The health of the North Korea leader, Kim Jong-un, is in question. Kim was last seen publicly at a coronavirus prevention meeting on April 11. South Korean media reported that Kim, who is 36, underwent cardiovascular surgery on April 12. He did not attend his grandfather´s birthday celebration on April 15, which is a major holiday in the country. This contributed to speculations about his health. According to CNN, the US is seeking more details about Kim´s health, however, there have been conflicting reports, and it is difficult to know if concerns about Kim´s health are real. South Korea officials said that there was no evidence that confirms speculations over Kim´s health, and nothing unusual has been monitored in North Korea so far. North Korea has been led by the Kim family dynasty since the nation was founded in 1948.
This news is about a dog. He has two noses. His name is Toby. People find him in the streets of Fresno, California, USA. People take the dog to a shelter . The shelter tries to find Toby a new home. However, it is not easy. People do not want a two-nosed dog. Toby is in danger. If nobody takes him, the shelter has to put him down . Toby is lucky. A man adopts him. The man is a music producer. He also has many special animals. He has many two-headed animals. He also has a five-legged dog, and a two-legged dog.	People found a two-nosed dog in the streets of Fresno, California, USA. People took the dog, whose name is Toby, to a shelter that tried to find him a home. It was not easy to do, however, because people did not want the two-nosed dog. Toby was at risk of the shelter having to put him down . Luckily, a successful music producer rescued him. The producer has a habit of adopting special pets. He has the largest number of two-headed living animals, and he also has a five-legged dog and a two-legged dog.	A shelter in Fresno, California picked up a two-nosed dog roaming the streets. The institution tried to find him a home, which proved a near impossible task and Toby was at risk of being put down . Luckily for the dog, Todd Ray, a music producer with the habit of adopting unique pets, saw the advert and took Toby the dog in. The artist, who worked with artists like Mick Jagger, the Beastie Boys, and Cypress Hill, holds a world record for owning the largest number of two-headed living animals. His newest pet joins Rocky, the five-legged Miniature Pinscher, and Pinky, the two-legged Chihuahua. Toby can play and fetch like any other dog, but thanks to his two noses, he can find anything no matter how well it is hidden. Mr Ray says that Toby is the sweetest dog on earth.
Zipolite Beach is in Mexico. A Nudist Festival is happening there. The festival celebrates nudity . This year, organisers think that 300 naturists can come. People hope that the festival can change ideas about nudity. Zipolite Beach is two kilometres long. It is popular with surfers and swimmers.	Zipolite Beach in Mexico is the site of the three-day Latin American Nudist Festival for this year. The festival promotes the idea of “social and family nudity”. Organisers expect that 300 naturists will come to the event from all over the world. There is hope that the Nudist Festival will lessen the stigmas that people have about nudity. Zipolite Beach is two kilometres long and popular with surfers and swimmers.	Zipolite Beach is on Mexico’s Oaxaca coast, and it is the host of the three-day Latin American Nudist Festival for this year. It promotes the concept of “social and family nudity.” Organisers expect that 300 naturists will attend the event from all over the world. There is hope that the Nudist Festival will eliminate the stigmas that people have about nudity. Zipolite Beach is two kilometres long and it is popular for surfing and swimming,
In Poland, there is an explosion at an apartment building. The building collapses . It kills four people. It injures 24 people. Firefighters come to the building. They look through the rubble . They look for people who are still alive. Dogs and a search and rescue group help them. People want to know why there is an explosion. They think that maybe gas causes it. Everybody must leave the building to be safe.	In Poland, an apartment building collapsed, and four people died and 24 people were injured. Twenty-four groups of firefighters combed through the rubble to find survivors. One firefighter said that dogs and a search and rescue group were helping the firefighters. The building collapsed after an explosion. The cause of the explosion is unknown, but it could be from gas. Everybody had to evacuate the building.	In western Poland, an apartment building collapsed, killing four people and injuring 24 people. Twenty-four teams of firefighters combed through the debris to find survivors. One firefighter said that there were dogs and a search and rescue group supporting the firefighters. The building collapsed after an explosion, and the cause of the explosion is unclear, although officials think that it may have been from gas. The uninjured residents of the building had to evacuate.
This news is from Russia. There was a memorial in a city there. This memorial was like a big iPhone. It was a memorial to Steve Jobs. Steve Jobs is dead. Tim Cook is now the boss of Apple. Tim is gay, and he says this to the media: why was the memorial taken down? It is because there is a law in Russia. This law is against gay people.	A monument used to stand in St Petersburg. It was a memorial to Steve Jobs. People took the memorial down. Why? After Steve Job’s death, Tim Cook became the head of Apple. Tim Cook is gay and recently he came out . There is a law in Russia which fights “gay propaganda”. Its goal is to support the traditional family and protect young people from “gay propaganda”. People took down the two-metre monument in accordance with the law.	A memorial to Apple founder Steve Jobs has been dismantled in the Russian city of St. Petersburg, after the man who succeeded him at the helm of the company, Tim Cook, came out as gay . The two-metre high monument, in the shape of an iPhone, was erected outside a college last year by a Russian group of companies called ZEFS. Citing the need to abide by a law combating “gay propaganda”, ZEFS said in a statement on Monday that the memorial had been removed on Friday, a day after Cook had announced he was gay. The statement said, “The monument was taken down to abide to the Russian federal law protecting children from information promoting denial of traditional family values.” Promoting “ traditional values “, President Vladimir Putin last year signed a law prohibiting the spread of “gay propaganda ” among minors. Putin says there is no discrimination against gay people in Russia and the law was needed only to protect young people.
Sicily is in Italy. The Sicilian Mafia is there. The Sicilian police fight the Mafia. The police monitors people. The police releases videos of raids . They arrest 46 people.	Italian police released videos of raids to break up the Sicilian Mafia. They spied on people who they suspected of various crimes. They arrested forty-six people in total.	Italian authorities released footage of daring night time raids to dismantle the Sicilian Mafia. The police used cover surveillance and wiretaps to monitor multiple suspects who they suspect of Mafia association, extortion and weapons violations. In total, they arrested 46 people, including a presumed new regional boss.
Sulawesi is an island in Indonesia. An earthquake hits near it. The earthquake makes a tsunami . It is 3 metres tall. The tsunami moves into two cities. Around 600,000 people live there. More than 832 people die. Hospitals, hotels, a shopping centre, and thousands of homes are destroyed .	A 7.5- magnitude earthquake hit near the Indonesian island of Sulawesi which triggered a 3-metre tsunami that smashed into two cities on the coast. These cities are home to 600,000 people. The tsunami killed more than 832 people and destroyed hospitals, hotels, a shopping centre, and thousands of homes. The event affected the lives of as many as 1.6 million people.	A 7.5-magnitude earthquake hit near the Indonesian island of Sulawesi, triggering a 3-metre tsunami, which smashed into two cities on the coast. Palu and Donggala are the cities affected the worst, and they are home to over 600,000 people. At least 832 people have been confirmed dead, thousands of homes collapsed, along with hospitals, hotels, and a shopping centre. The disaster affected as many as 1.6 million people, according to Red Cross estimates .
A van drives into people in Barcelona, Spain. This happens on Thursday. Several people are injured. Two or more people die. The attack happens in a busy street. The street is popular with tourists.	On Thursday, a van ploughed into crowds. The incident took place on one of Barcelona, Spain’s popular tourist streets. Several people were injured and at least two people died. The street is one of Barcelona’s busiest and most popular tourist destinations . Police are treating the incident as a terror attack.	A van ploughed into crowds on Barcelona Spain’s popular tourist street Las Ramblas on Thursday. Several people were injured and at least two people were reported dead. The street is one of Barcelona’s busiest and most popular tourist destinations. Police are treating the incident as a terror attack.
There is a military parade in Iran. It happens this Saturday. There is an attack at the parade. At least 29 people die. Seventy five people are injured. Some of them are soldiers. Some of them are civilians . People shoot three of the attackers. Police arrest one. The Patriotic Arab Democratic Movement says that it did this.	This Saturday there was an attack at a military parade in Iran where at least 29 people died and 70 others were injured. The victims were both military personnel and civilians. People killed three of the attackers and arrested one. The separatist group the Patriotic Arab Democratic Movement claimed responsibility for the attack.	At least 29 people died and 70 others were wounded in an attack at a military parade in the Iranian city of Ahvaz this Saturday. The victims were both military personnel and civilians, including a journalist, who was watching the parade. People reported that security forces gunned down three of the attackers during clashes and arrested one. The separatist group the Patriotic Arab Democratic Movement claimed responsibility for the attack. It is an organisation which ‘foreign antagonists ’ support, including Saudi Arabia, as reported by the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency.
Pope Francis talks about some problems. He sees them on the Internet. First, he discusses pornography . Then he talks about ‘ sexting ’ and online bullying . He also mentions ‘ sextortion ’ and online sexual trafficking . Last, he says that there are live views on the Internet. People can see bad things live. The Pope thinks that this is terrible. Pope Francis says that there is too much sex on the Internet. He says that it cannot be good for children.	Pope Francis talked about many things on the Internet that he feels are troubling. First, he discussed pornography and how seeing it repeatedly can make sexual excitement difficult for people. Then he talked about ‘ sexting ’ between young men and women on social media and the serious attacks of online bullying . Last, he brought up ‘ sextortion ’, online sexual trafficking, and live views of rape and violence against children. Pope Francis said that so much sex on the Internet cannot be good for children.	Pope Francis talked about ‘troubling things on the Internet’. First, he discussed pornography, which habitually seeing can cause the stimulation  threshold to raise. Then he spoke about the phenomenon of ‘sexting’ between young men and women on social media, and how online bullying is an actual moral and physical attack on young people. Last, he mentioned ‘sextortion’, which is when adults solicit  minors to use them for sexual purposes, online sexual trafficking, and the live views of rape and violence against minors all over the world. Pope Francis said that it would be a serious delusion to think that allowing so much sex on the Internet would protect minors.
There is a train accident in Italy. It happens in the morning. There are about 30 people on the train. The train travels very fast. The first car on the train leaves the rails. It separates from the train. It hits a building. Two railway workers die. 27 people must go to hospital. One day before the accident, there is some work on the railway. However, work on railways happens very often. Police do not know why the accident happens. They must investigate the accident. Railway workers want to protest against the accident. They say that the situation is very serious and wrong.	There was a train accident in northern Italy. The train traveled at 180 mph when the first car on the train left the rails and separated from the train. It hit a nearby railroad building, killed two railway workers, and injured 27 people. Police say that there was some work on the railway the evening before; however, work on railways happens very often. Police must investigate the accident because they do not know if the work caused the accident. Rail workers´ unions want to go on strike on Friday. They say that the accident is very serious and not acceptable.	A high-speed passenger train derailed in the early hours of Thursday morning near Milan, northern Italy. Officials said that the train was traveling at 180 mph when the engine car derailed, separated from the train, and slammed into a railroad building. The train was travelling to Bologna, with 33 people on board. Two railway workers were killed, and 27 people were injured. Police confirm that maintenance work was done on that part of the railway line the evening before; however, it is not clear if there is a link between the maintenance and the accident. Police say that the cause of the crash remains unclear and is still under investigation. Rail workers´ unions said that they will go on a strike throughout Italy on Friday in protest to the accident which they find serious and unacceptable.
This news is from Peru. A bus goes on a highway. The highway is not safe. It has the nickname “Devil’s Curve”. The bus collides with a tractor. Then it falls down a cliff . There are 57 people on the bus. Only six people survive. This is Peru’s worst accident ever.	A bus in Peru was driving on a highway which is known as the “Devil’s Curve”. The bus was carrying 57 people when it collided with a tractor and fell off a cliff onto a beach. Only six people survived the fall. This was the deadliest vehicle accident in Peru’s history.	A bus carrying 57 people collided with a tractor and plunged off a cliff onto a rocky beach. The highway where the bus was driving is known as the “Devil’s Curve”. The incident was one of the deadliest vehicle accidents in Peru’s history. Only six of the 57 people survived and went to hospital.
Meerkats are born at a zoo in England. They hide under the ground at first. They come up some time later. They make their first steps. There are five of them. Meerkats live in large groups. One group has around 30 animals. Meerkats live underground. They have long claws for digging . The babies have no names yet. People don’t know which are boys and which are girls. Difficult words: hide (to be somewhere where others cannot see you), claw (animal’s big nail), dig (to move earth). You can read the original story and watch the video in the Level 3 section.	Small meerkats were born last month at a zoo in England. Their parents hid them in the burrows , but the babies recently got out. They have taken their first steps into the outside world. Meerkats have four toes on each foot and very long claws which help them dig. Most meerkats live underground in large groups of around 30 animals. The keepers have not named the babies yet because they don’t know if they are male or female.	Five baby meerkats have taken their first steps into the outside world. All of the pups are full of rough and  tumble already with mum and dad having to keep them all in check. The tiny newcomers made their first public appearance after being hidden away in burrows by their parents since being born last month at Chester Zoo. Meerkats have four toes on each foot and very long, non-retractable claws to help them dig. Most meerkats live underground in large groups of around 30 individuals, called a gang or a mob. At the moment, the babies have not been named because keepers don’t know if they’re male or female. These newborns come hot on the heels of other new arrivals at Chester Zoo in recent weeks.
In Antarctica, an expeditioner visits a rookery . He has a video camera. He leaves it on the ice. Two penguins find the camera. They look down at it. They are curious . They look like they pose for selfies .	In Antarctica, two penguins found a video camera. An expeditioner left it sitting on the ice while he visited a rookery . The penguins curiously stared down at the camera and appeared to pose for selfies .	In Antarctica, two emperor penguins discovered a video camera that expeditioner Eddie Gault left sitting on the ice while he visited the Auster Rookery . The penguins curiously stared down at the camera and appeared to pose for selfies .
An eagle flies around London. It has a small camera on its back. The camera films everything. The big bird flies around famous buildings. It flies around St Paul’s Cathedral, City Hall, Tower Bridge and Olympic Park. The eagle’s trip was part of a campaign . This campaign commemorates 50 years of the Red List. The Red List is a list of endangered species .	People fixed a small camera onto an eagle’s back. Then the eagle flew around London and filmed its famous landmarks . It flew around St Paul’s Cathedral, City Hall, Tower Bridge and Olympic Park. The bird’s city tour was part of a campaign which commemorates 50 years of the Red List – a list of endangered species .	This eagle got an impressive bird’s-eye view of London this week, flying around the city’s most iconic landmarks . The footage was captured by attaching a GoPro camera to the eagles’s back, following its every move during its tour. The white-tailed eagle, equipped with the tiny camera, flew around London’s historic landmarks, including St Paul’s, City Hall, Tower Bridge and the Olympic Park. The bird’s city tour was part of the International Union for Conservation of Nature’s campaign to commemorate 50 years of its Red List, the list of threatened and endangered species .
There is a terrorist attack in Las Vegas, USA. It is the worst terrorist attack in America. At least 58 people die. Around 500 people are injured. Many people are sad. They want to show this emotion . They observe moments of silence . Donald Trump and the First Lady lead a moment of silence at the White House. People switch off the lights of the Empire State Building in New York. In Europe, people switch off the lights of the Eiffel Tower in Paris, too. The European Parliament in Strasbourg also observes a moment of silence.	Last Sunday, there was a mass shooting in Las Vegas, USA. At least 58 people died and 500 more people were injured. It was probably the deadliest mass shooting in the American history. People around the world paid tribute to the victims . Donald Trump and the First Lady led a moment of silence at the White House. There was a vigil at the University of Nevada in Las Vegas. The Empire State Building in New York darkened its lights, and traders at the New York Stock Exchange had a minute of silence, too. In Europe, members of the European Parliament in Strasbourg also stood in a silent tribute. People switched off the lights of the Eiffel Tower in Paris.	The world has paid  tribute to the victims of last Sunday’s Las Vegas shooting attack in which at least 58 people died and over 500 were injured. People have called the terrorist attack the deadliest mass shooting in US history. In the United States, Donald Trump and the First Lady led a moment of silence on the White House South Lawn, people held a candle-lit vigil at the University of Nevada in Las Vegas, and musicians led prayers and tributes at the home of country music in Nashville. The Empire State Building in New York darkened its lights, and traders at the New York Stock Exchange observed a moment of silence. In Europe, members of the European Parliament in Strasbourg also stood in a silent tribute, and people switched off the lights of the Eiffel Tower in Paris in homage to the victims.
A man buys a tank on the internet. He pays £30,000. He and his mechanic repair the tank. They think that there are guns inside it. They open it. They find gold. They find £2 million in gold inside. The man calls the police. The police take the gold away for study. People think that Iraqi soldiers steal the gold when they attack Kuwait in 1990.	A military lover bought a tank on the internet. He paid £30,000. He and his mechanic repaired the tank. They were afraid that there were guns inside it. When they opened it, they found gold. They found £2 million in gold inside. The man called the police. The police took the gold away for investigation and gave him a receipt . People think that Iraqi soldiers stole the gold when they attacked Kuwait in 1990.	A military lover who bought a tank on the internet for £30,000 found £2 million in gold inside. First, he and his mechanic were restoring the tank. They were afraid that there were guns inside the fuel  tank . When they opened it, they found gold bars. The man called the police. The police took the bars away for investigation and gave him a receipt. People think that the gold was probably stolen by Iraqi soldiers when they invaded Kuwait in 1990.
“The Red Bull Aces” is a competition . People fly 2.3 kilometres above the ground in this competition. They move at 257 kilometres per hour. This sport is not for everybody. Forty competitors take part . They cannot fly straight. They must fly in a certaina way. Helicopters show them the way. An American is the fastest competitor. He wins the competition.	The second year of “The Red Bull Aces” wingsuit competition happened. At this competition, 40 competitors flew 2.3 kilometres above ground level. With speeds of up to 257 kilometres per hour, this sport wasn’t for everyone. Competitors had to weave through a slalom course of 34-metre-tall pylons which hung from helicopters. An American competitor defended his title from last year’s competition.	This is the bird’s-eye view of what it’s like to fly 7.5 thousand feet (2.3 kilometres) above ground level. The Red Bull Aces wingsuit competition returned for the second time after last years’s success. To win the contest, four flyer heats race through a slalom course of 112-foot (34 metres) pylons hanging from helicopters. And it was Andy Farrington who weaved his way to beat the 40 other competitors to be crowned winner. In an exhilarating display, the American defended his title from last year’s competition, winning in only a 4/10 of a second margin . With speeds of up to 160 miles per hour (257 kph), this sport is certainly not for the faint-hearted .
There is a video of an elephant. It looks like it is smoking. However, the elephant is eating charcoal . It is blowing out ash . Charcoal is healthy. People say that wild animals eat it.	There is a video of an elephant, and at first sight , it looks like the elephant is smoking. However, the elephant is eating charcoal and blowing out ash . Biologists say that wild animals can eat charcoal because it is medicinal for them.	A video filmed by the Wildlife Conservation Society shows an elephant eating charcoal and blowing out ash. At first though, it may look like the female elephant is smoking. As stated by biologists, wild animals are drawn to the medicinal benefits of charcoal.
There is an incident off Mexico’s southern Pacific coast . Somebody leaves a fishing net in the sea. Around 300 sea turtles get caught in the net. All of them die. People must not kill turtles in Mexico. It is a crime. Somebody can get in trouble for this.	Around 300 sea turtles got caught in an illegal fishing net off Mexico’s southern Pacific coast. All of them died from asphyxiation or toxic algae . They were buried in sand on a beach. Killing sea turtles is a crime in Mexico, and police are looking into who set the illegal 120-metre net. Fishermen said that the net was local. It is possible a tuna fishing ship abandoned it without telling anyone.	Around 300 sea turtles died from asphyxiation or toxic algae after getting entangled in an illegal fishing net off Mexico’s southern Pacific coast. The turtles, of a species in danger of extinction , were buried in sand on a beach. An official said that the fishermen told them that the fishing net was local, adding that it could have been abandoned by a tuna fishing ship without reporting it was lost. Who set the illegal 120-metre net is being investigated and the guilty ones can face criminal charges.
A town in Austria sets a world record. People build a 60-metre tower. It takes them three months. They build it from wood. They set this tower on fire. It becomes the biggest bonfire in the world. It collapses in 30 minutes. Fire crews are on site . They make sure that everybody is safe.	A town in Austria built the tallest pyre in the world. It took the people three months to build, and after they set it on fire, it collapsed in less than 30 minutes. The structure was 60 metres tall. Embers from the big fire flew everywhere, but local fire crews made sure that everyone was safe.	The town of Lustenau in Austria claims to have built a world-record breaking bonfire. According to the organisers, the pyre reached as high as 60 metres. The structure took three months to build but collapsed in less than half an hour last Saturday evening. Embers from the big fire fell onto nearby market traders, but local fire crews were on hand to make sure that everyone was safe.
This news is from Australia. Kangaroos live there. Tourists come to see them, but kangaroos can cause problems. Volvo makes cars. Every year, around 20,000 cars hit kangaroos. Volvo wants to change this. It wants to make safe cars. Volvo tests a new system. It watches out for kangaroos. If there is a kangaroo in the way, the car slows down.	Each year, more than 20,000 cars collide with kangaroos. Volvo has a vision that no one is killed or seriously injured in a new Volvo car by 2020. Volvo is testing its first kangaroo safety technology. The software uses the car’s radar and camera to watch out for the animals. If there’s danger ahead, the software applies the brakes . The system reacts twice as fast as people.	They may be something of a tourist attraction, but they also pose a traffic hazard Down Under , and now Volvo is hoping to  hop to the rescue with a new kangaroo detection system for Australia’s roads. The Swedish carmaker has begun testing its first ever kangaroo safety technology. The software detects the marsupial’s movements through a radar installed in the vehicle’s front grilles . A windscreen- mounted camera also scans ahead for any sign of the animals’ activity, applying the brakes if any are spotted in the road. The system processes 15 images every second and has a reaction time of 0.5 seconds, half that of the average human speed. It says the technology won’t take any of the driver’s responsibility away but rather be used as a backup. The company hopes its latest focus area will help its vision that no one is killed or seriously injured in a new Volvo car by 2020. According to Australia’s National Roads and Members Association, more than 20,000 cars are involved in collisions with kangaroos each year, costing more than 35 million pounds in insurance claims .
This happens in Israel. Starlings live there.  Someone films a lot of them with a camera. Many starlings fly in the sky. They fly together. They look like a big, black cloud ! This is very special. The birds do this to get food. They also do this to be safe . Other birds cannot eat them when they do this.	Millions of birds called starlings lived in Israel 20 years ago. Now there are fewer starlings, but people know that the birds are returning. A video from Israel shows starlings flying together in a big flock . The starlings fly very close together and move in the same directions at the same time. The starlings look like a black cloud. This is called a murmuration. The birds fly like this to find food and to stay safe from birds of prey .	People released incredible footage showing thousands of starlings flying together in a murmuration in southern Israel. The huge flock of starlings formed beautiful, dark clouds moving in the sky. A murmuration occurs when starlings fly in synchronicity , creating what seems to the eye to be a black cloud which randomly changes direction and form. Experts say that the synchronised movement is aimed at helping the birds find food and to create a defence mechanism against birds of prey, which usually try to hunt the individual birds and rarely attack large flocks . Huge flocks of synchronised starlings like this are beginning to return to Israel for the first time after 20 years. Today, hundreds of thousands of the birds inhabit Israel, compared to millions in the past.
This news is from a town in Cuba. A pig gives birth but dies. A man takes the piglets . He brings them home. He puts the piglets together with his dog. The dog is also a mother. She is feeding her pups . The man wants to see if the dog will adopt the piglets. The dog is not sure in the beginning. Then she gives the piglets milk. The dog now feeds her own babies as well as the adoptive ones. She is the town’s celebrity.	In Cuba, a pig gave birth to a litter of piglets but died afterwards. A man collected the piglets and brought them home. He put the piglets together with his dog who was feeding her pups . He wanted to see if the dog would accept the piglets. On the first day, she was a little hesitant , but then she ended up giving them milk. She now feeds her own babies as well as the adoptive ones. The dog is now something of a local attraction in the Cuban town.	Meet Linda, recent mother of six pups and now an adoptive mum to a litter of piglets. Her owner explained how this unique scenario came about. The mother pig died but had already given birth, so he collected the piglets and brought them to his home where his dog had also had puppies. He put the babies together to see if the dog would accept them. On the first day, she was a little hesitant , but she ended up giving the piglets milk. A week on, she would arrive of her own  volition to feed the piglets. Linda has now become something of a local attraction in the Cuban town of Playa Larga.
Victoria is a baby. She cannot walk because her legs do not have all the bones. This is very unusual. Her parents are very sad. Before she is born, they go to a hospital for a check-up . Everything looks perfect. They expect a healthy baby. Her mother is in a big shock when she sees her daughter for the first time. Now UK doctors want to amputate Victoria’s legs. Her parents try to collect 350 thousand pounds. They want to take their daughter to America. They want to pay for special operations to save her legs. Only a doctor in the US can help. The girl needs three operations. She needs the operations before she is two years old. The parents collect around a hundred thousand pounds. Friends and family help, too. The parents need the money before June. In June, Victoria will be two years old.	Victoria was born with a deformity on her legs. She cannot walk because her legs have no calf bones. This deformity is very unusual. Her parents were really shocked. Her mother said that when she saw her baby for the first time she was surprised. She expected a full, healthy baby because on every scan , the doctors said that she was perfect. Now UK doctors told Victoria’s parents that the only option is to amputate their little girl´s legs. Her parents are now trying to collect 350 thousand pounds to take their daughter to America for a life-changing operation. They want to save her legs. They found a doctor in the US who could do this. There will be three operations. These operations cannot be done in Britain and must be done before she is two years old. The couple collected around a hundred thousand pounds. Friends and family are trying to collect the rest of the money. They need the money before June when Victoria is two years old.	Victoria was born with a condition which means that she cannot walk properly. The little girl’s legs have no calf bones. This is an unusual deformity that only affects less than one in a million people. Her parents were devastated . Her mother said that when she saw her baby for the first time, she was in a lot of shock. She was expecting a full, healthy baby because on every scan, the doctors said that she was perfect. UK doctors have now told Victoria’s parents that the only option is to amputate their little girl´s legs. Her parents are now trying to raise 350 thousand pounds to take their daughter to America for life-changing treatment to save her legs. This is an operation which is not available in Britain and must be carried out before she reaches the age of two. The parents found a doctor in the US who could save her legs. The treatment would include three operations. So far, the couple has raised around a hundred thousand pounds. Friends and family are trying to raise the rest of the funds before June when Victoria turns two .
A helicopter crashes in south-western Japan. It is a military helicopter. It crashes into a house. It destroys the top floor. It sets the house on fire. The Japanese Defence Ministry says that it does not know if people died. The Japanese media says that there are two people in the helicopter when it crashes.	A Japanese military helicopter crashed in south-western Japan. It ripped off the top floor of a house and set it on fire. The Japanese Defence Ministry said that it does not know if anyone died. The Japanese media said that there were two people in the helicopter when it crashed.	A Japanese military helicopter crashed in south-western Japan, ripping off the top floor of a house and setting it on fire. The Japanese Defence Ministry said that it does not know if there have been any deaths, but local media reported that there were two people on board the combat helicopter at the time of the incident .
People are building a bridge in Colombia. There are 21 workers at the bridge. The bridge falls down. Ten people die. Authorities try to find out if more people are missing .	Workers were working on a bridge in Colombia when it fell. There were 21 people at the site at the moment of the incident . Ten people died. Authorities are trying to find out if anyone is missing.	Workers were fixing the drainage along a bridge that they were building when the structure fell. There were 21 people at the site at the moment of the incident, ten of which died. Authorities are trying to determine if anyone is missing.
Circuses and marine parks use animals in their shows. However, some people do not take good care of the animals. Some animals do not have enough space. France has a new law. It is not possible to use wild animals in circuses and marine parks. French marine parks must not keep or make baby dolphins and killer whales. It is not possible to build new marine parks. Circuses use tigers, lions, elephants, and bears in their shows. It will not be possible soon. Many people work in circuses and marine parks. They must find other jobs. The French government wants to help them.	France has banned wild animals in circuses and marine parks. The French minister said that the country must protect the health and good lives of animals in shows. Three French marine parks must not use or breed dolphins and killer whales. It is also not possible to build new marine aquariums. Over the next few years, it will not be possible to use wild animals like tigers, lions, elephants and bears in circuses; however, the new law does not apply to zoos. France is also going to close down mink farms where farmers breed minks for their soft brown fur. People think that mink fur is a luxury ; however, minks live in very poor situations. The French government wants to help people who work in circuses and marine parks. They will have to find other jobs, and the government wants to give them money to make it easier for them.	France is going to gradually ban the use of wild animals in entertainment over the next several years. The country´s minister of ecological transition announced this, pointing out that the animal welfare was a priority. Starting immediately, three French marine parks will not be allowed to bring in or breed dolphins and killer whales, and no new marine aquariums can be built. Eventually, traveling circuses will not be allowed to showcase wild animals like tigers, lions, elephants, and bears. However, the ban does not apply to wild animals in zoos. The new law will also bring an end to mink farming, where animals are raised for their fur. The French government has approved a $9.2 million package to help people who are currently working in circuses and marine parks to find other jobs.
Last Sunday, two hydroelectric plants in Argentina fail. This happens in the morning. This makes the whole system fail. Almost 50 million people lose electricity. Most of them are in Argentina. Uruguay and Paraguay also lose power. People want to know why the system fails. They are investigating the incident.	Last Sunday morning, two hydroelectric plants in Argentina failed, and this did not lead to a localised power outage but to a massive blackout . Nearly 50 million people in Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay were affected because the whole system broke down. The Argentine president said that people are going to carefully investigate the incident. The blackout happened when people were voting for governors in some Argentine provinces – people had to use their phones as lights to vote.	The failure of two Argentine hydroelectric plants led to a system-wide meltdown that affected nearly 50 million people in Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay. The hydroelectric dams went down at 7 a.m. local time last Sunday and the lights were mostly back at night, but Argentine officials said that the outage should have been only a localised event. Argentine President Mauricio Macri said that it will be carefully investigated why the system-wide meltdown happened. The total blackout also happened when some Argentine provinces were holding gubernatorial elections – people had to vote by the light of their cell phones.
This happens in Mexico. Forty-three students go missing . For four months, people have no information about the students. People are angry. They protest in the streets. We now know what happened to the students. They are dead. A man killed them. Police arrest him. He is a member of a gang. A gang is a group of criminals who are bad people. The man tells the police what happened. He thought that the students were different people. He thought that they were members of another gang.	Forty-three students disappeared on the night of September 26th in Mexico. This led to massive street protests and controversy . Now, people confirm that a member of a gang killed the students. He burned their bodies and threw them into a river. Police arrested the member of the gang. He said that his bosses gave him an order . Some people say that the gang killed the students because it thought that they were members of a rival gang.	This footage shows various scenes of a reenactment of the crime scene surrounding the murders of 43 Mexican students. The student-teachers who disappeared four months ago were murdered on the orders of a drug cartel who mistook them for members of a rival gang, officials said on Tuesday. Finally confirming the death of the trainee teachers, Mexico’s Attorney  General has said he is certain that all of the students were killed and burned before their remains were thrown into a river. Felipe Rodriguez, an arrested member of gang Guerreros Unidos, has confessed to being given the order by one of his bosses to execute the 43 students. The case has caused considerable  controversy in Mexico with some fire experts claiming the government’s rendition of events is implausible . The disappearance of the students on the night of September 26th led to massive street protests and international condemnation of Mexico’s security situation .
An incident happens on a road in Illinois, USA. One car is going slowly. It moves towards oncoming traffic. Another driver sees this. He knows that something is wrong. The other driver is having a seizure . He wants to help the driver. He jumps into his car through an open window. He saves him. The driver later goes to hospital.	A driver was having a seizure in his car in Illinois, USA. He was moving slowly and headed into oncoming traffic. Another driver saw that something was wrong, and he decided to take action. He jumped into the moving car through an open window and saved the other man. Police officers were following the vehicle but could not see that the man needed help. The sick driver then went to hospital.	People hailed a man as a hero after he saved a driver who was having a seizure  behind the wheel in Illinois, USA. The rescuer jumped into the moving car through an open window after he spotted that something was wrong when the slow-moving car headed into oncoming traffic. Police officers were following the vehicle, but they failed to notice that medical help was needed. The driver later went to hospital for treatment.
The Paris Agreement is an agreement on emitting less greenhouse gases . Trump wants to pull back from the agreement. This makes a lot of people angry. Leonardo DiCaprio, Justin Trudeau and Hillary Clinton tweet about this. Emmanuel Macron, Australia Greens Party Leader, and the Japanese Environment Minister talk about this. The Japanese Minister says that he is very angry. However, some Americans are happy. They are mostly miners . They want to keep their jobs.	The Paris Agreement is an agreement on reducing greenhouse gas emissions . Trump said that the USA is going to pull back from the agreement. This made a lot of people angry. People, including Leonardo DiCaprio, Justin Trudeau and Hillary Clinton, tweeted about this. Emmanuel Macron, Australia Greens Party Leader, and the Japanese Environment Minister talked about this. The Japanese Minister said that he was very angry. However, Americans in coal-mining regions of the USA are happy about this. They want to keep their jobs.	Environmentalists are outraged , as Trump announced the US would withdraw out of the Paris Agreement, which is an agreement on dealing with greenhouse gas emissions mitigation . Public figures, including Leonardo DiCaprio, Justin Trudeau and Hillary Clinton, took to twitter with the #Paris Agreement. Emmanuel Macron, Australia Greens Party Leader, and the Japanese Environment Minister made announcement in response to Trump, with the Japanese Minister saying that he is not only disappointed, but greatly angered. In contrast, Americans in coal-mining regions of the USA are applauding Trump’s decision which protects their jobs as he promised.
A man lives in a flat. A new flatmate comes to live with him. The new flatmate hits him with a hammer. The victim ’s head is badly injured . He lies on the bed and he is not awake. The new flatmate thinks that he is dead. He calls the police. The police arrive at the scene. They arrest the man. He goes to a special prison for 14 years. The victim goes to hospital. He will live.	A twenty-year-old man moved into a flat. His new flatmate probably had no idea what was going to happen. He attacked him with a hammer. The aggressor thought that he killed the man, and he called the police. The police soon arrived at their address and arrested him. They sentenced him to 14 years. They found the victim unconscious with a serious head injury. They treated him at the scene and then moved him to hospital. There he underwent emergency surgery.	A man has been found guilty of assaulting his flatmate with a hammer. Twenty-one year old Joseph Williams was found guilty of attempted murder at the Old Bailey in London on Monday. He was sentenced to 14 years and will be detained in a secure hospital. The incident happened when Williams called the police after he thought he’d killed his housemate Connor Huntley with a hammer on May 28 th . Kent Police soon arrived at their address and arrested him. Connor was found unconscious , lying on an inflatable bed with a serious head injury. He was treated at the scene before being airlifted to Queens Hospital where he underwent emergency surgery. Investigations found Williams was first introduced to Connor via mutual  friends several weeks before the attack. Connor eventually moved in the night before the incident after looking for somewhere to live. In a police interview, Williams gave no reason as to why he attacked Connor. After he was found guilty, he was given a hospital order under the Mental Health Act.
This happens in a theme park in Australia. Four people are on a ride . The ride malfunctions . Two people are thrown in the air. Two people fall into the ride. All of them die.	Four people died in an accident at Australia’s biggest theme park . The people were on a ride which malfunctioned . The ride threw two people, and the other two were caught inside the ride. The theme park closed while the incident is being investigated . The boss of Dreamworld, which is the name of the theme park, said that he was shocked and very sad.	Four people died in an accident at Australia’s biggest theme park. The victims, all adults, died on the Thunder River Rapids ride at Dreamworld in Queensland. One of the rides sustained a malfunction , which caused two people to be ejected from the ride and another two people caught inside the ride. The victims were two males and two females. Queensland Ambulance personnel assessed them and saw that all had sustained injuries that were incompatible with living. Dreamworld said that it is working as quickly as possible to establish the facts. Craig Davidson, the CEO of Dreamworld, said that he was deeply shocked and saddened by the incident. The park on Queensland’s Gold Coast has been closed while investigations take place.
In nature, it is very difficult to see a snow leopard. One photographer filmed a snow leopard in China. The photographer saw the leopard’s footprints in the snow. He put his camera on a rock. The special camera was 4,600 metres high in the mountains. The camera filmed the leopard. The camera was interesting for the leopard. There are not many snow leopards in China. They are under state protection. The pictures of the leopard are very special.	Snow leopards are hard to see in the wild but an enthusiast wildlife photographer found a way to film these animals in northwest China. The photographer followed footprints in the snow and then he hid his camera in nearby rocks. The special camera was hidden on the 4,600-metre-high mountains and it called the snow leopard’s attention. There are only a few of these animals in China and they are under state protection. The pictures of the leopard are very special.	In northwest China, people rarely see snow leopards in the wild but an avid wildlife photographer found a way to take their pictures. By following footprints in the snow and finding excrement , he determined that snow leopards were in the area, and he hid an infrared camera in the rocks of the 4,600-metre-high Burhan Budai Mountains. The camera caught pictures of the endangered animal. The snow leopards are under state level protection in China, making these rare pictures very special.
Japanese scientists study sea slugs. A slug is a small animal. It looks like a snail without a shell . Scientists see something unusual. Three slugs cut their heads off. Scientists think that the slugs will die. They do not die. They move. They eat. Their bodies start to grow again. Scientists think that this is a way to remove parasites . The new bodies grow from the slugs´ heads. This is very important information. Scientists will study the heads. It can help in medicine. Some people are ill or hurt. They need a new body part. It is possible that scientists can grow some body parts in the future.	Japanese scientists studied sea slugs , and they did it for many years. Recently, they discovered something unusual. Scientists studied more than 80 slugs, and they saw that three slugs cut their heads off their bodies. Scientists thought that the slugs would die, but they moved and ate as usual. After a few days, their bodies started to grow from their heads again. It seemed that it was a way to remove parasites . Scientists think that there are stem cells on the slug´s head. It is a very exciting discovery which could help in regenerative medicine. Regenerative medicine is when scientists look for ways on how to repair injured body parts or organs .	Japanese researchers have discovered a sea slug that can self- decapitate and regrow a whole new body in a matter of weeks. The discovery was made by chance when scientists noticed that three of the 82 Elysia slugs decapitated their bodies at the neck and two of them regenerated their bodies within a week. It was a survival method meant to get rid of parasites living inside the bodies. It´s not clear how the slugs can live without some of their vital organs; however, they can live without a heart probably because their heads are small, and they can intake oxygen from their body´s surface. A scientist observed one of the slugs whose heart and body regenerated from the tip of its head, which could indicate that there were stem cells in this area. If the research of these stem cells continues, it could lead to advances in regenerative medicine .
Authorities charge Israeli Prime Minister of three criminal acts. This is the first time in history when it happens. The Prime Minister does not agree with the charges. He wants to stay Prime Minister. He says that he wants to fight with lies. He wants to continue to lead the country. The charges are very serious . However, the Prime Minister says that he does nothing wrong. He believes that some people want him to leave his job. He only has one month to ask the government for immunity . It is not easy to get immunity. The political situation is very complicated now. The government does not work very well. It can take a long time to charge the Prime Minister formally.	For the first time in history, the Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, faces three criminal charges including bribery and fraud . He criticized the authorities, and he said that he wants to continue to lead the country. Netanyahu says that he did nothing wrong, and he wants more investigation. He can ask the parliament for immunity , but he has only 30 days to do that. There is a complicated situation because Netanyahu and his political opponent did not form a successful coalition . As a result, the authorities are not working very well right now, and it can take many months to charge Netanyahu formally.	The Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, faces charges of bribery , fraud and breach of trust . However, in his speech, he criticized the charges, and he said that he will continue leading the country. In the first time in Israel´s history that a sitting prime minister has faced criminal charges. Netanyahu repeatedly said that he did nothing wrong and he wants further investigation. Netanyahu is not required to resign, but he has only 30 days to block the charges by asking for parliamentary immunity. This process is very complicated because Israel´s authorities are not fully functioning right now.
It is a difficult time for many people and businesses. Officials are afraid of coronavirus. They cancel public events and meetings. Many businesses lose money. People do not go to theaters, concerts and cinemas. People who work in theaters find new ways to make money. They start to work online. They livestream the shows. People want to help theaters. People buy many tickets. Sometimes people buy more tickets for online shows than for real shows in the theater. The current situation brings new ways of business. People have new ideas. They must be active and creative . It can be good for the future of their business.	Officials are afraid of coronavirus, and they cancel all public events. Theaters, cinemas and concert venues are closing down. People who work in the business try to continue their work. Some people are raising money to support theaters and their workers. Owners of theaters are coming up with new ideas, and they start to livestream their shows. Sometimes the live shows are very successful, and theaters sell more tickets than the actual theater capacity . Other small businesses can work online too. For example, yoga instructors can offer free online classes, and when they get enough customers, they can start a new way of business.	Governments across the US are closing down concert venues , cinemas and theaters because of coronavirus. However, many people in the industries are looking for new ways to continue their work. Several fundraising efforts have been launched to help keep theaters and theater workers operating during the closures. Owners of theaters are coming up with new ideas on how to keep people engaged and how to work online. Despite the fear and uncertainty, it is an opportunity to innovate the industry. Some improv shows and comedy venues perform remotely, and they livestream to audiences. In some cases, they sell more tickets than the physical theater can allow. Communication professor, Dustin York, said that there are opportunities for small businesses too. For example, yoga instructors can do online classes for free, and once they attract enough customers who like them, then it could become an actual business.
A big coronavirus crisis is in India. More than 350,000 people get sick every day. Hospitals are full. Some people do not get to hospital. They die at home. Families burn dead bodies outside. It is possible to see the flames at night. Hospitals do not have enough oxygen and drugs. The US and some European countries help India. They send material for vaccines , ventilators , and drugs. They hope that it will help stop the crisis. Rich people do not want to stay in India. They book a private plane. They leave the country. They fly to Europe and the Middle East. These people are some of the richest people in India. Some families spend all the money which they have. They are scared of the coronavirus.	In the past weeks, the number of new COVID-19 cases in India was more than 350,000 people every day. It brought many problems because hospitals did not have enough oxygen. Many people died without any treatment because hospitals in the capital city of Delhi were full. Families burned dead bodies outside, and it was possible to see the flames throughout the night. The US and many European countries sent materials for vaccines, ventilators , and other help, and they hoped that it would help stop the crisis. Rich people started to leave the country. They were just some of the richest people in the country. Families, who could afford to pay, booked a private plane and they escaped to Europe and the Middle East.	Delhi has been cremating so many bodies of COVID-19 victims that authorities are getting requests to start cutting down trees in city parks for kindling , as a record surge of illness is collapsing India´s health care systems. Burial grounds are running out of space in many cities and glowing funeral pyres blaze throughout the night. Last week, the US sent India raw materials for vaccines, joining European countries in pledging to help stop the world´s biggest surge in cases. With reports of hospital bed and oxygen and drug shortages sweeping social media, wealthy Indians are looking for a way out of the country. They pay thousands of dollars to escape to Europe and the Middle East in private jets. However, it´s not only the ultra rich people. Whoever can afford to take a private jet is fleeing the country.
Companies Apple and Google make a special software. It helps stop the coronavirus. People install an app in their phones. The app sends a message when someone meets a person with the coronavirus. The app does not use GPS . It uses Bluetooth . Bluetooth gets data from the phone every 10 – 15 minutes. Some people are not happy. They say that the app is not safe. They say that it can show the names of sick people. Some users can believe the app only. It is possible that they do not go to the doctor. There is one official app in every country around the world. In the US, every state can make its own rules. The type of phone is not important. The app works in all phones.	Companies Apple and Google have developed a special software that can help fight with the coronavirus. The software will send a message to people who were in contact with the coronavirus. In the past, some people worried about privacy . They were afraid that the app could show the names of sick people, and people could try to self-diagnose . Apple and Google improved the software, and the software will not use GPS. An app will collect the data every 10 – 15 minutes, and it will use Bluetooth. Around the world, only one app is available for each country. In the US, each state can decide how to use the app. It is possible to use the software in both operating systems , iOS and Android.	Apple and Google have developed a COVID-19 tracing software that would alert people who have been in contact with the coronavirus. However, the companies will ban the use of location tracking in apps that use the software. The companies said that the data would be collected using Bluetooth every 10 – 15 minutes, so it can avoid GPS tracking. Around the world, the software will only be available for one official app per country. In the US, local governments can decide how they would like to use it. Privacy advocates previously raised concerns about the feature possibly revealing the identities of infected people. This could possibly lead to false self-diagnoses . On Monday, Apple and Google announced that the software can be used in both iOS and Android phones.
This news is about a dog. Her name is Jessie. She is trained to smell ink on banknotes . This means that she can find cash. The dog works at Heathrow Airport. It is an international airport in London. In 5 months, Jessie finds £1 million in smuggled cash. One day, she finds £350,000. Her handler calls her a ‘ wonder dog’.	A dog named Jessie was trained to smell for ink on banknotes which means that she can find money by smell. The dog works at Heathrow, an international airport in London. In just 5 months of work, she found £1 million in smuggled cash. Once, she discovered a haul of £350,000 in freight . The dog’s handler calls her a ‘wonder dog’.	A dog named Jessie has been trained to smell for ink on banknotes. In just five months working at Heathrow, an international airport in London, she has sniffed out over £1 million in smuggled cash. She once discovered a haul of £350,000 in freight that was going abroad. Her handler calls her a ‘wonder dog’ and said that she knows she will only get her ball after she finds something, so she is motivated to work.
Scientists make three sensors . These sensors help during labor. Labor is the time when a baby is coming out of a woman´s body. Doctors check many things during labor. They check the woman´s temperature, pulse, and heart rate . Sensors usually have wires . A woman must stay in hospital in one room. Many wires connect to a computer. These sensors are different. They have no wires. They communicate with each other. Doctors check the results on a screen. The good thing is that a woman can be at home. She comes to hospital when the labor starts.	A team of scientists made three wireless  sensors which helped during labor . During labor, doctors measure many things, for example the mother´s heart rate, temperature, pulse, and level of oxygen. It helps them know how the woman and the baby inside her body are doing and if everything is okay. These special sensors are on a woman´s chest, finger and belly. They communicate with each other, and they give the doctor all the information which he needs. The sensors are very helpful because women could use them at home, and doctors could check them without meeting personally. Another good thing is that the sensors have no wires and the woman can move freely.	An interdisciplinary team of scientists has developed a wireless network of three soft, flexible sensors that can measure the vital signs during labor of both the mother and her fetus . The chest sensor senses the mother´s heart rate and the body temperature. It can also sense movements that can be interpreted into the maternal position during labor. The chest sensor communicates with the one on the mother´s finger which gives the pulse oxygen levels and the pulse rate. These two sensors are time synchronized, and they can generate a wireless blood pressure measurement. The last sensor on the belly provides data on uterine contractions and the fetal heart rate. The sensors allow for continuous monitoring during labor that could even be done remotely, and mothers at home could be reassured that they and their children are doing well.
This news is about a British man. He is a lawyer and a swimmer. He swims in difficult conditions . He swims in the Antarctic. It is one of his toughest swims. The water is just two degrees centigrade. He is in the water for 18 minutes. He does this to draw attention to the Antarctic. He says that it is a beautiful place. People should protect it, not destroy it.	A British endurance swimmer swam in the Antarctic Ocean. He became the first person to swim at King Edward Cove . He later explained why he is doing these swims. It is to call for the conservation of wildlife. This was one of his toughest swims because the water was just two degrees centigrade. The 47-year-old lawyer was in the water for 18 minutes.	Lewis Pugh, a British endurance swimmer , braved the icy waters of the Antarctic Ocean to call for conservation around the South Sandwich Islands and South Georgia. He later said that the swim had been one of the toughest he had ever done because the water was just two degrees centigrade. Pugh then explained the reason that he is doing these swims is to highlight how important it is to try and protect the wildlife. The 47-year-old lawyer successfully completed the daring dip in 18 minutes, and he became the first person to take the plunge at King Edward Cove .
Miners in Canada find a big diamond in the ground. It weighs 271 carats . Diamond cutters cut a special diamond from it. The diamond is oval . It weighs 102 carats. It is very special. It is very clear. It has a perfect color. It is a white diamond. White diamonds are not very usual. Sotheby´s is an auction house. People buy and sell expensive things there. These things are usually paintings and jewelry . Sotheby´s in Hong Kong sells the diamond. Many people want to buy it. A man from Japan buys it for $15.7 million. He names the diamond after his daughter.	In 2018, miners in Canada discovered a rough diamond that weighed 271 carats . Diamond cutters cut and polished it, and they made a 102-carat oval diamond. Last week, the auction house Sotheby´s in Hong Kong sold the diamond for $15.7 million. A man from Japan bought the stone, and he named it after his second daughter. Last year, the same man bought another big diamond, and he named it after his first daughter. The diamond is very special because it is a rare white diamond. It has the right color and it is very clear, which makes it perfect and very expensive. When Sotheby´s announced that they would sell the diamond, many people made a bid . The highest online bid was $14.6 million, which was the highest online bid in history.	A rare white 102.39-carat oval diamond was sold in Hong Kong for $15.7 million. The diamond was cut from a 271-carat rough gemstone , and it was discovered at a mine in northern Ontario, Canada, in 2018. Last week, the diamond was sold at a Sotheby´s auction to an unnamed private collector in Japan, who named the stone the ´Maiko Star´, after his second daughter. Last year, the same buyer bought another important diamond from Sotheby´s, and he named it the ´Manami Star´, after his first daughter. The auction house said that the diamond was the highest grade of color and clarity, which put it in the most chemically pure class of diamonds. The diamond was offered without a reserve price , and it attracted a flurry of bids, including one Canadian bid of $14.6 million. It was the highest bid ever placed on a jewel from an online bidder.
Vladivostok is a city. It is in the extreme south-east of Russia. There is a bridge. It is only for vehicles . However, four people really want to cross it by foot. They dress up like a bus. They walk behind one another. They are holding a box. It looks like a yellow bus.	Vladivostok is a city in the extreme south-east of Russia. There is a bridge which is only for vehicles , but four people wanted to cross is by foot. They were so determined that they dressed up as a bus. Somebody filmed them as they walked behind one another and held the box. The box looked like a yellow bus.	In Vladivostok (a city in the extreme south-east of Russia), a group of people determined to cross a vehicle-only bridge decided to dress up as a bus. A video emerged on the Internet showing four people walking in tandem while holding a box made to look like a yellow bus.
The Russian president Vladimir Putin is 68 years old. Some people believe that he is not healthy. People worry about Putin´s health in the past, too. But now some people think that Putin has Parkinson´s disease. It is a serious disease. It means a person cannot control how his body moves. A video shows Putin. He is sitting in his chair. His legs are shaking . He is holding tight to his chair. But another video shows Putin on an icebreaker . He looks healthy. Putin makes a new law. This law gives him lifelong legal immunity. It means that it will not be possible to bring him to court. Some people believe that Putin wants to end his job next year.	There are claims that the Russian president Vladimir Putin is going to end in his job next year. Some people believe that the Russian leader is suffering from Parkinson´s disease, but he said that it is not true. Putin is 68 years old, and it is not the first time when people think that he is not healthy. A video showed Putin sitting at his desk, but his legs were shaking and he was holding tight to a chair. This made many people believe that Putin was ill. Recently, Putin took part in a ceremony on an icebreaker and he seemed healthy. Putin introduced a new law that will give him legal immunity after he ends his job. For some people, this is a sign that Putin is planning to retire .	The Russian president Vladimir Putin is reportedly planning to step down early next year amid claims that he is suffering from Parkinson´s disease. However, the Kremlin has denied such claims. A footage that is circulating in Russia shows Putin´s leg shaking while he is holding tight to a chair, which is leading to speculation over his health. The 68-year-old Russian leader recently made a public appearance at a ceremony to inaugurate a new Russian icebreaker, and he seemed in good shape. It is not the first time when rumors about the president´s health and his alleged Parkinson´s symptoms have emerged in the country. However, this time, the claims came after Putin introduced a bill that will guarantee him lifelong legal immunity . Some analysts interpret this as a part of Putin´s retirement plan.
This news is from Mumbai. There is a cultural event. People dance on a stage . Thousands of people watch them. Suddenly , a fire breaks out . It is windy. The fire grows fast. People must leave the area. Nobody dies. Everybody is OK. The fire brigade comes quickly. The brigade brings the fire under control.	In Mumbai, there was a cultural event at the opening of ‘Make in India’ week. Dancers performed at a stage when people saw there was a fire. It spread quickly because of high winds. Thousands of people evacuated safely. Nobody died and nobody was badly injured. The fire brigade quickly came to the scene and brought the fire under control.	This is the moment dancers performing at a cultural event in Mumbai realized the stage beneath them had set on fire. The huge  blaze quickly engulfed the venue of the event that was being held at the opening of ‘Make in India’ week. It quickly spread, fanned by high winds licking the sides of the scaffolding  rig and lighting up the night sky. Thousands of spectators , among them dignitaries , were evacuated to safety. There were no reports of fatalities and no one was reported to be badly injured. The fire brigade rushed to the scene and the blaze was brought under control.
An oil tanker is on the road in Tanzania. It loses control. It turns over. Around 150 people go to the tanker. Some of the people try to take some of the fuel . After 20 minutes, the tanker catches fire. It explodes. It kills more than 61 people. Seventy people are injured . The accident happens in Morogoro. It is a town in eastern country.	On Saturday the 10 th , an oil tanker in Tanzania lost control and overturned on a busy road. Around 150 people came to the tanker, as some of them were trying to siphon away some fuel . After around 20 minutes after the crash, the tanker caught fire and exploded. At least 61 people died and 70 more were injured. The accident happened in the town of Morogoro in the eastern part of the country.	On Saturday the 10 th , an oil tanker in Tanzania lost control and overturned after swerving to avoid hitting a motorcycle on a busy road. Around 150 people gathered around the tanker, and some were trying to siphon away fuel when the vehicle burst into flames and exploded. This happened around 20 minutes after the crash, killing at least 61 people and injuring 70 more. The incident happened in the town of Morogoro in the eastern part of the country.
There is a bar in London. It is open for only one day. It is a special bar. Dogs bring you beer. The dogs carry a small barrel . Somebody puts a bottle inside the barrel. The dog comes to you. You open the barrel and take the bottle.	For one day, dogs staffed a special bar in London. The well-trained dogs had small barrels on their collars . People put bottles inside the barrels and the dogs came to the customers. They would take the beer out of the barrel and enjoy it! If you know about this bar, you could make a reservation and drink for free.	They’ve always been man’s best friend and now they’ve found a new way to win people over – by becoming “ barktenders “. Yes, these dogs have been trained to deliver people beer. “What’s the name of the bar?” I hear you asking. Bar D’Alsace-tian. And yes, it is Alsatians that will deliver you a nice cold Kronenbourg 1664 beer for free, if you happen to make a reservation and swing by the bar. Now, they haven’t quite mastered pouring a pint just yet, so how do these beers get to you? Well, attached to the dog’s collar is a lightweight miniature barrel. You unlock that, and you’ll find a chilled bottle of beer inside. The pooches are doing most of the legwork at this special bar, but there are a few humans on hand to restock the kegs . Get in there quick if you want a pup to bound over to you with a beer though, it’s only open in London for a few hours this Friday. Pretty pawsome , if you ask me.
This news is about a gorilla. It is born at a zoo. The zoo is in California. The gorilla is born overnight. Keepers see it for the first time in the morning. What a nice surprise ! However, it is not easy to see the baby. It is very small. It is on the mother’s chest . Gorilla babies are only between 1.6 to 2 kilograms heavy. The mother is called Cocoa. The dad is called Winston. The baby is their second child. The zoo has eight gorillas. There are not many gorillas in the world. They are endangered .	Overnight, a baby gorilla was born at San Diego Zoo Safari Park in California. When keepers came to work one morning, they got a beautiful surprise. However, they could not get a very close look of the baby – baby gorillas are very small, and the moms hold them very close to their chests . Gorilla babies weigh between 1.6 to 2 kilograms. The baby girl was born to mum Cocoa and dad Winston. She is their second child together. The baby is the eighth member of the park’s group of gorillas. They are all western lowland gorillas which are critically  endangered .	Keepers at San Diego Zoo Safari Park in California were in for a surprise when they came to work one morning, as a baby gorilla had been born overnight. However, they did not get to see much of the baby. Gorilla babies are really tiny – only between 1.6 to 2 kilograms, and the moms hold them very close to their chests, so often what you’ll see is only a little bit of face and maybe a foot or a hand sticking out. The baby girl was born to mum Cocoa and dad Winston, and she is their second child together. The infant becomes the eighth member of the park’s troop of western lowland gorillas, which are part of a critically endangered  species .
Knut was a polar bear. He was very famous. He lived at the Berlin Zoo. He was four when he died. He fell into his pool. Why did he fall into the pool? He was sick. His brain was swollen . People did not know why his brain was swollen. Now, experts do some tests. They test Knut’s brain. Now they know that Knut had “anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis”. This is not a normal disease. Every year, only 200,000 people have this disease. Knut is the first animal that had it.	In 2011, Knut, the celebrity polar bear, died at Berlin Zoo. He was only four years old when he fell into his enclosure pool. Soon after his death, scientists found out that his brain was swollen . That is what caused him to lose balance and fall into the water. However, nobody knew why his brain was swollen. But now, animal experts tested the bear’s brain for a condition known as “anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis ”. And that it what Knut had. The disease is not common. It affects around 200,000 people a year, but this is the first time we know about an animal which had it.	Scientists have finally cracked the mystery of the death of Knut, a celebrity polar bear who died at Berlin Zoo in 2011 when he was just four years old. Knut won global fame after being rejected by his mother at birth and instead hand-reared by his keeper. He died suddenly in March 2011 after falling into his enclosure pool. And while a post mortem revealed Knut had encephalitis or swollen brain, scientists remained puzzled by the exact cause of the illness. But now, animal experts say they’ve solved the riddle after testing a sample of the polar bear’s brain for a condition known as anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis. “We had all the samples we needed to test it, so together with Harold we started a project and within six or eight weeks we had determined that’s exactly what Knut had. And so, that solved that case, explained our results from our pathogen screening and told us this is why Knut had encephalitis, this is what caused him to lose his balance and drown in the water.” The disease is relatively uncommon, affecting around 200,000 people a year and this is the first time it’s ever been diagnosed in an animal. The findings were published today in the journal Scientific Reports.
Maria Ressa is a journalist. She is born in the Philippines in 1963. She moves to the US with her mother. Ressa studies at Princeton University. She works for CNN for almost 20 years. Ressa starts a news website. On her website, she writes unpleasant things about the Philippine president. In 2012, Ressa writes an article about a businessman. The businessman is very rich. He knows many government officials. It is possible that the businessman has problems with drugs and a murder . This week, a court in the Philippines sends Ressa to prison. The court says that what Ressa writes is not true. However, some people believe that the Philippine president wants to ruin Ressa´s work.	Maria Ressa is a Filipino American journalist, who grew up and studied in the US. In 2018, the Times named her Person of the Year for her work in journalism. Ressa founded a news site, where she openly criticized the Philippine´s president, Rodrigo Duterte. In 2012, Ressa and her colleague wrote an article about a rich businessman, and they linked him to murder and drug dealing . This week, a court in Manila, the capital city of the Philippines, found Ressa guilty of libel , and it sent her to prison for 6 years. However, the court used a law that did not exist in 2012. Human rights organizations do not agree with the verdict , and they say that the verdict attacks the free press .	Filipino American journalist, Maria Ressa, has been found guilty of cyberlibel , and she could spend up to 6 years in prison. Ressa grew up in the US, and she studied at an American university. She was honored as Time´s 2018 Person of the Year for her reporting work. She founded a news site, which has been very critical of the Philippines president´s brutal war on drugs. Ressa and another reporter were charged with violating a new libel law in an article that linked a high-profile businessman to a murder, trafficking , and drug smuggling. However, the law was created after the article was published. Human rights groups and reporting organizations have condemned the charges, and they called them an attack on the free press.
This happens in Moscow. Someone films this on camera. Two cars stop at a crossroads . They stand in a line. A man gets out from the first car. He comes to the second car. He talks to the driver. He starts to go back to his car. However, he doesn’t get inside. The second car speeds up . It hits the man. The second car then stops. The driver gets out and looks at his car. He drives away. Police investigate this incident.	This incident happened in the middle of a street in Moscow, and someone filmed it on camera. Two cars stopped at a crossroad. They were standing in a line. A man left the first car and approached the second car. He spoke to the driver and started to go back to his car. However, he never made it inside. The second car sped up and hit the man. The two cars almost crushed the victim . The aggressor then stopped to look at his car. He got back inside and drove away. Police investigate the incident.	This shocking video shows the moment a driver intentionally hit a man with his car in the middle of a street in Moscow. The dashboard camera footage shows the driver, in a white BMW, speeding up behind a black Nissan. The black Nissan then stops. The victim gets out, approaches the white car and appears to speak to the driver. The victim then walks away but before he has a chance to get back in his car, the white BMW speeds up and hits him – almost crushing him in between both cars. The man can then be seen falling into the ground, clutching his leg. The driver then gets out of his car, examines his vehicle and drives away. The video, originally posted on YouTube, has been passed over to Moscow police, who claim that an investigation has started and the driver of the BMW is being pursued .
This news is about upskirting. Upskirting is when people take a picture up a skirt. Some people up skirt women. The women do not want this. They do not say, ‘yes, take my picture’. Upskirting is illegal in Scotland. It is not illegal in England and in Wales. This can change. There is a new law . If it passes , upskirting becomes illegal in England and Wales, too.	Upskirting is taking unauthorised pictures up a woman’s skirt. In Scotland it became illegal in 2010, but it is not illegal in England and in Wales. However, this can soon change if a new law passes in the House of Lords. The law will make upskirting an offence . This is thanks to Gina Martin who was upskirted at a music festival in the summer of 2017. Later, she started a campaign to outlaw the practise.	Upskirting – taking unauthorised pictures up a woman’s skirt – has been an offence in Scotland since 2010. However, England and Wales have no specific ban against upskirting. The law could change in the two countries after the House of Lords passes a new law. It is all thanks to Gina Martin who started a campaign in 2017 to outlaw the practise, as she had been a victim of upskirting at a music festival in the summer of 2017.
Robin Williams was an actor. He was famous. A lot of people liked him. He was 63 when he died. He hanged himself. His family and friends are shocked. His daughter does not understand this. Why did he kill himself? People say that he was depressed . Maybe he had money problems, too. Police are doing toxicology tests .	Robin Williams was a famous actor and comedian. He was 63 years old when he died. Police confirmed he killed himself by hanging . His death shocked his family and fans. His daughter said that she doesn’t understand why he could not stay. People think that Robin Williams was depressed. Maybe he had money troubles too. Police now carry out toxicology tests. We will know if he had alcohol or drugs in his body.	Californian police has confirmed that Hollywood actor and comedian Robin Williams died from suicide by hanging. The 63-year-old was found dead in his home by his personal assistant on Monday. The Oscar-winning actor was last seen alive by his wife at 10.30pm on Sunday and his death has come as a shock to his family and the world. “I think everybody is going to be missing him very much, especially me. I was a fan – just remember the good times not his death.” In a statement posted on her blog Robin Williams’ daughter, Zelda, said she will never, ever understand how he could not find it in his heart to stay. It’s thought he was suffering from severe  depression and may have had money troubles. Further toxicology tests to see if Williams was under the influence of any drugs or alcohol will now be carried out, the results of which could take up to six weeks to come back.
This news is from a zoo. The zoo is in Chicago. Chicago is a city in Illinois, USA. The zoo has a problem. Something is wrong with one machine. This machine is in a tank . The tank is full of stingrays. There are 54 of them in there. This machine is very important. The animals need it to live. Without it, they have no oxygen . Right now, they have no oxygen. All of the animals die. This is not the first time. In 2008, 16 stingrays died at the zoo. A machine stopped working then, too.	This news is from a zoo in Chicago, a city in Illinois, USA. The life support system in one of its tanks malfunctioned . The tank was home to 54 stingrays. The oxygen levels dropped. Animal care staff tried to repair the system and get the oxygen levels back to normal, but it was too late. All of the animals died. It was not the first time animals died in a tank at this zoo. Sixteen stingrays died in 2008 when a tank’s heating system malfunctioned.	Staff at a zoo in Illinois are investigating how a life support system in one of its tanks malfunctioned , killing 54 stingrays. Brookfield Zoo in Chicago has closed the habitat after what it called the tragic loss of the animals. It’s understood the stingrays died when oxygen levels in the tank dropped, but vets were unable to save the rays. In a statement released on Facebook, Brookfield Zoo said immediate action was taken by animal care staff to rectify the situation and get the levels back to normal, but despite tireless efforts by staff, all the animals succumbed . It went on to say the Chicago Zoological Society has made the decision not to reopen the temporary exhibit for the remainder of the season. It’s not the first time animals have died in a tank at Brookfield Zoo. Sixteen stingrays were killed in 2008 when a tank’s heating system malfunctioned.
Scientists find a new way to use locusts. A locust is a small insect. Farmers do not like locusts. Locusts destroy plants and crops. Scientists want to use locusts to find bombs. Locusts are very sensitive. They can sense some chemicals . People use these chemicals to make bombs. Scientists cut the locust´s head. They put a small device with the locust´s brain. The device sends information to a computer when the locust senses the chemicals. People usually use dogs to find bombs. Dogs do this job very well. However, the training takes a long time. The training is expensive, too. Locusts do not need training. However, they do not live very long.	Researchers at Washington University found a new way to use insects. They want to make locusts find bombs. A locust has almost 50,000 sensors , which make it very sensitive. Scientists cut a locust´s head, and they attach a chip to its brain. When the locust senses some chemicals, that people use in bombs, its brain sends out some signals. Scientists are able to read these signals in a computer. Nowadays, people use dogs to find bombs. Dogs can work more than ten years. However, it takes a long time to train them, and the training costs nearly $40,000 dollars per one dog. Locusts do not need any training , and they are very small. However, they live only a few months, and it is not easy to control them.	A team at Washington University in St. Louis USA, have discovered a way to use a locust´s nearly 50,000 sensors to detect TNT . Air Force sergeant, Travis Rhoad, said that locusts could be a backup for dogs that specialize in bomb detection. Scientists make a small incision between the locust´s antennae , and they attach a chip to the insect´s brain. Once the locust senses chemical explosives, its brain sends out certain signals which are then sent to a computer. When compared with dogs, there are advantages and disadvantages, too. Military working dogs can work up to twelve years before retiring. The training lasts more than 100 days, and it costs nearly $40,000 dollars per dog. Also, dogs are easy to control. On the other hand, locusts are small, and they do not require any training. However, they live only a few months, and they are very unpredictable.
Russia buys food from the EU. It buys food worth around 5.5 billion euros every year. Russia stops buying the food. China also buys less and less European dairy products . This is a problem for European farmers. They must sell their products at low prices. The farmers need help. They go to Brussels. They protest there. The EU helps the farmers. The EU gives them 500 million euros.	Russia is one of the EU’s main agricultural export markets. It is worth some 5.5 billion euros every year. Russia banned the import of EU food products, and China is buying less and less dairy products, as well. This situation is not good for European farmers because they must sell dairy products at very low prices. In Brussels, around 4,800 farmers and 1,500 tractors went to a demonstration. The farmers’ protest was successful. The EU said that it would give 500 million euros to the farmers.	The warning from farmers is that Europe is drowning in milk. Plummeting milk prices have led farmers to protest on the streets of Brussels. Police said that 4,800 farmers and close to 1,500 tractors were at the demonstration. And these scenes seemed to have made a difference. EU Agricultural ministers announced a 500 million euro aid package focused on helping milk producers. Russia is one of the EU’s main agricultural export markets worth some €5.5 billion annually . The Russian ban on imports of EU food products and the deregulation of the market hit dairy farmers this year. Changing dietary habits and slowing demand from China have also affected prices for dairy products. The environment secretary Liz Truss planned to call for the creation of a dairy future’s market, similar to those for grain and sugar, which the government says will give the UK’s dairy farmers more certainty over future prices. Some farmers have called for milk production quotas to be reintroduced to avoid them having to sell at a loss.
People call Buenos Aires, Argentina, ‘the Paris of the South’. Buenos Aires takes pride in its café culture. It also hosts a waiter race . People organise this every year. Hundreds of waiters and waitresses take part in the race. They must run 1,600 metres with drinks. The winner gets 1,000 US dollars.	People often call Buenos Aires, Argentina, ‘the Paris of the South’ as it takes great pride in its café culture. The city also annually hosts a waiter race. Hundreds of waiters and waitresses take part in the race. They serve drinks to customers 1,600 metres away as quickly as possible. There are different categories, and the winning prize is 1,000 US dollars.	People often dub Buenos Aires, Argentina, ‘the Paris of the South’ as it takes great pride in its café culture, and it recently hosted its annual waiter race. Hundreds of waiters took part in the race, delivering drinks to customers 1,600 metres away as fast as possible. Waiters and waitresses competed in different categories for a prize of 1,000 US dollars.
A business building explodes in Houston, Texas, USA. It happens on Friday early in the morning. The explosion is very strong. It damages some houses that are very far from the building. There are big flames. Two people die and one person must go to hospital. The police do not know why the explosion happens. They think that it is not a crime . An investigation starts. Officials close some schools in the area. However, they say that the air quality is good. People do not need to worry about anything.	There was an explosion of a manufacturing building in Houston, Texas, on Friday early morning. Authorities said that two people died, and one person was in hospital. The police started to investigate what caused the explosion. It seems that the explosion was an accident . The explosion was very strong, and the debris damaged houses that were half a mile away. Some photos from the scene show that the building was in flames. Authorities closed some schools in the area in response to the explosion. However, they say that local people do not need to worry about bad air quality.	An explosion happened at a manufacturing business in Houston, Texas, on Friday at around 4:30 AM. Authorities said that two people died, and one person was taken to hospital. According to police, an investigation is under way , and there is nothing to suggest that the explosion was intentional. Photos from the scene showed the business engulfed in flames, and debris from the explosion damaged houses as far as a half-mile away. Authorities said that residents do not need to be concerned about bad air quality. However, some schools in the area are closed in response to the incident and investigation.
The US has important oil buildings in Saudi Arabia. Someone attacks two of them. The American government does not like this. It sends equipment , technology, and 200 soldiers there. Yemeni Houthi rebels say that they attacked the buildings. However, the US and other countries say that Iran is responsible . Iran says that it is not. The Trump government says that the military help is for defense . It can send rockets if they need more defense.	In early September, someone attacks two important oil locations for the US in Saudi Arabia. In response, the American government sends military equipment , technology, and 200 soldiers there. One American leader says that the attacks are “an act of war.” Donald Trump writes that the country is going to do something if there is another attack. Yemeni Houthi rebels say that they attacked the locations. However, the US and other countries say that Iran is responsible. Iran says that it is not. The Trump administration wants to keep the military help for defense.	At the beginning of September, someone in Saudi Arabia attacked two major US oil facilities . As a result, the American government decided to send military equipment, radar units, and 200 military troops there. The American Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo, said that these attacks are an “act of war.” President Donald Trump wrote on a social network that the U.S. is ready to respond to any further attack. Yemeni Houthi rebels admitted their responsibility for the attacks. However, the US and other countries believe that Iran is the one responsible for the attacks. Iran says that they have nothing to do with it. The Trump government wants to keep its military assistance defensive . The Defense Secretary, Mark Esper, said that the government can send more military support such as missiles and missile systems.
The Harry Potter book series is very popular. J.K. Rowling is the author. She sells 450 million books. The books are in 79 languages. There are eight Harry Potter movies. They make 7 billion dollars together. There is a new book. It is called “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child”. You can buy it in the UK and in the USA on the 31st of July. This book is different, however. It is a play. The play shows an adult Harry Potter. He has a job and three children.	Harry Potter is back with a new story. Harry Potter and the Cursed Child will be in bookstores in the UK and USA on the 31st of July. However, this book won’t be like the rest of the Harry Potter books. This one is a play. The book happens 19 years after the events of “Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows” and shows Harry Potter as an overworked employee of the Ministry of Magic and a father of three children. J.K. Rowling’s series has sold more than 450 million copies worldwide in 79 languages. The eight movies grossed more than 7 billion dollars.	Grab your scarves, cloaks and wands – Harry Potter’s back and bound in book form. “The Cursed Child” will be released in book stores across the UK and USA on the 31st of July which is both Harry and author J.K. Rowling’s birthday. But this won’t be like the rest of the books in your collection, as this story is a play. It ’s due to open on London’s West End the day before the release of the scripts which is being billed as a special rehearsal addition, meaning it may be different to what the audience see. Later editions will be changed to reflect the final play which is set 19 years after the events of 2007’s “The Deathly Hallows” when Harry defeated his nemesis Lord Voldemort. “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child” shows the hero as an overworked employee of the Ministry of Magic and a father of three children who is grappling with a past that refuses to stay where it belongs. J.K. Rowling’s series has sold more than 450 million copies worldwide in 79 languages, while the eight movies have grossed more than 7 billion dollars. Later this year a prequel film called “Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them ” written by Rowling will be released for Potter fans. 2016’s turning into a truly magical year.
In May, the EU holds elections to the European Parliament. Now the EU has a report. The report says that Russian groups try to change the elections. The report says that the Russians do this in a few ways. They do not want a high voter turnout . They want to change how people vote. They want people to be angry. The report says that social media companies help. However, more work needs to be done. The report does not blame Russian leaders. It does not say if the elections are changed.	In May, the EU had elections to the European Parliament. Now the EU says that it has evidence that Russian groups tried to influence those elections. The EU’s report said that Russians tried to stop people from going to vote, tried to change how they were going to vote, or tried to make them angry. The report said that social media companies helped with this problem but that more needs to be done. The report did not blame the Russian government directly or say if the tactics actually changed how people voted.	In May, the EU held elections to the European Parliament, and the most people came to vote since 1994. Many people voted for parties that favour countries’ independent rights, but most people still voted for pro-EU politicians. Now, the EU says that it has evidence that Russian groups tried to influence those elections. The EU’s report found disinformation activity from Russia that tried to suppress people from voting, change their views, or polarise people. The report said that some social media companies tried to help fight the disinformation, but ‘more needs to be done to protect’ the processes. The report did not blame the Russian government directly, neither did it say if the disinformation actually changed how people voted.
Poor countries cannot care about the environment very well. They do not have good technologies. Twenty-seven rich countries meet at a conference in Paris. They want to help the poorer countries. They agree to pay almost $10 billion to a special fund . The US and Australia do not want to help. The US President, Donald Trump, wants to pay less money than in the past. A climate organization criticizes the US and Australia. The boss of the fund says that this is bad news. He hopes to get more money. He hopes to make a bigger fund in the future.	Twenty-seven countries agreed to pay $9.8 billion to the Green Climate Fund . These countries want to help the world´s poorest countries fight climate change . However, the US and Australia do not want to help. In the past, the US agreed to pay $3 billion to the fund, but when Donald Trump became president, he lowered the help to $1 billion. The Climate Action Network is not very happy with the US and Australian way of thinking. They separate themselves from the rest of the world. The boss of the fund hopes to get some more money and to double the fund in the next four years.	Twenty-seven countries pledged $9.8 billion to the Green Climate Fund which helps developing countries fight climate change. Donors include Canada, the UK, New Zealand, and Poland. However, The US and Australia did not participate. Former President Barack Obama pledged $3 billion, but current president Donald Trump reduced the number to $1 billion. The Climate Action Network criticized the US and Australia. It says that they do not help the world´s poorest countries, and they isolate themselves from the other helping countries. The director of the Green Climate Fund says that it is possible to find other resources . He also hopes to almost double the fund over the next four years.
Poachers kill a rhino. The rhino is a mother. She has a baby. He is a boy. He is only four months old. People find the baby rhino. He is at his mother’s body. He is very sad. He cries. People take the rhino to a centre. Other people help him there. However , the little rhino is still sad. He cannot sleep. Somebody must be with him. He sleeps when somebody is with him.	Poaches brutally murdered a female rhino. Her four-month-old rhino baby was found next to her body. He cried and no one could do anything to soothe his pain. The little rhino was taken to a centre for animals in danger. He suffers from terrible trauma. He cannot sleep. Somebody has to sleep outside his room. Baby rhinos stop eating milk when they are one year old. A lot of milk is needed for him. The centre asks people for donations .	Just a baby, but this rhino is already suffering from the trauma he’s seen in his short life. The four-month-old rhino, known as Gertjie, refuses to sleep on his own after witnessing the brutal murder of his mother by poachers . He was rescued from the wild last month by staff at an endangered species centre in South Africa after he was found next to his mother’s body, crying inconsolably . Staff said it was a devastating sight, as he would not leave her side. Gertjie is now recovering at the centre, but has been unable to sleep alone after the ordeal , so the team take it in turns to feed the animal every three hours and sleep outside his room. The centre is now appealing for donations to help keep enough fat-free milk in stock, as baby rhinos are only weaned off milk when they’re over a year old. Staff says he will be cared for until he is ready to be re-introduced into a wildlife reserve.
On last Monday, Mexican women protest against femicide . Their protest is to stay at home from work or school. Twenty-one million women work in Mexico. This can cost the government $300 million because they do not go to work. However, the government, universities, and some businesses like the protest. It is part of International Women’s Day in Mexico. That is another large protest. Eighty-thousand people protest against violence against women. In 2019 in Mexico, people kill about 10 women a day. Reports say that some of them die in the home.	On Monday, Mexican women protested against femicide after several violent murders of women. They protested by staying at home from work and school. There are twenty-one million women who work in Mexico, so their absence can cost the government $300 million. However, the government, universities, and some companies supported the protest. It was part of International Women’s Day in Mexico, in which eighty-thousand people protested against violence against women. In 2019 in Mexico, an average of 10 women a day were killed, and reports say that 25% of those women died in the home.	On Monday, Mexican women protested against femicide after several gruesome killings of women. They protested by staying home from work and school and called their protest “A Day Without Us.” There are twenty-one million women who work in Mexico, so their absence may cost the government $300 million. However, the government, universities, and some companies backed the protest. It was part of International Women’s Day in Mexico, in which eighty-thousand people protested against violence against women. That protest started peacefully, but fights between police and protesters led to sixty injured people. In 2019 in Mexico, an average of 10 women a day were killed, and reports tell that 25% of those women died in the home.
This news is about a bridge. It is new. It is in China. It connects two Chinese provinces. Without the bridge, a journey takes 4 hours. With the bridge, the journey takes only 1 hour. The bridge is 565 metres above the ground. It is a suspension bridge. A suspension bridge is a type of bridge. The bridge in China is the tallest bridge in the world of this type. The bridge opens before the end of the year. There are many tall bridges in the Chinese province .	This news is about a new bridge in China. It connects two Chinese provinces and it is the tallest suspension bridge in the world. It is 565 metres above the ground. People are set to open the bridge to traffic before the end of the year. The bridge will cut driving times between the two provinces from 4 hours to just one. The bridge will add to the collection of high bridges in the area. There are more structures like this in the Chinese province than in the whole world.	A suspension bridge in China is set to be the tallest in the world. It towers 565 metres above the valley floor. The Beipanjiang Bridge connects China’s Guizhou and Yunnan provinces. It will cut driving times between the two from 4 hours down to just one. The bridge is set to open to traffic before the end of the year. It will add to the collection of high bridges in the area as Guizhou province is home to more of these structures than every other country on earth combined.
An earthquake hits Taiwan. Sixteen people die. Hundreds of people are injured. Buildings are destroyed . The roads crack . There are problems with electricity and water.	A 6.4 earthquake hit Taiwan on Tuesday night. Sixteen people died and hundreds were injured. Buildings were destroyed, roads cracked and the electricity and water supplies were affected . Also, a hotel building’s ground floor collapsed , and trapped several people.	On Tuesday night, a 6.4 earthquake hit Taiwan’s east coast, killing 16 people and injuring hundreds. Buildings were destroyed and cracks appeared in the roads, affecting electricity and water supplies. A hotel building’s ground floor even caved in , trapping several people. Rescuers continue to search for survivors under the destroyed buildings.
A group of 28 men with guns kill the Haitian president Jovenel Moise. It happens last week at Moise´s home. The men hurt Moise´s wife, too. She must go to hospital. Moise is 53 years old. He becomes the president in 2017. The political situation in Haiti is bad. There must be elections again in 2019. They do not happen. Moise continues in his job. Some politicians are angry. Haiti is a very poor country. The situation is very bad there for many years. People fight in the streets. Some people worry that the situation will be even worse now.	Last week, a group of 28 armed men killed the Haitian president Jovenel Moise. The incident happened at Moise´s home in the capital Port-Au-Prince at around 1 am. The attackers hurt the president´s wife, too, and she ended up in hospital. The 53-year-old Moise became the president in 2017, but in 2019, there was a difficult political situation, and many people wanted Moise to resign . In January 2020, he continued to be in power but there were no elections . Some politicians said that Moise was in power illegally. Haiti is the poorest American country, and it had many problems for a very long time. People are afraid that the death of the president will make the situation even worse.	the Haitian president Jovenel Moise was assassinated in a nighttime assault on his home, threatening to throw the gang- ridden nation deeper into chaos. According to the nation´s interim Prime minister Claude Joseph, Moise was murdered by highly trained and heavily armed killers who stormed his residence in the capital Port-Au-Prince at around 1 am. First lady Martine Moise was also wounded during the attack, and she may be evacuated to Miami for treatment. The 53-year-old president had governed by decree since January 2020 when parliamentary terms expired without elections being held. The opposition had said that Moise was illegally getting power and passing laws in violation of the constitution. Haiti is the poorest nation in the Americas, and it´s struggled for political stability for decades.
The Taliban is a religious group in Afghanistan. It is very violent . In February, the US and the Taliban sign a peace deal . The Taliban says that the US and the Afghan government do not keep the deal. Taliban does not attack Afghan police and soldiers. However, the US attacks Afghan people. The US military spokesman says that it is not true. The US helps people. The US does not break the peace deal. The spokesman says that Taliban must stop fighting. It is important to fight with the coronavirus now. The coronavirus is spreading across Afghanistan. The Taliban promises to stop fighting in areas with the coronavirus. Taliban says that health workers can come. They can help ill people.	The Taliban said that the US and the Afghan government broke the peace deal. The Taliban said that it wants the US and Afghan officials to keep the deal. The Taliban claimed that it reduced attacks on Afghan police and soldiers; however, the US attacks Afghan people by drones . The US military spokesman said that Taliban´s claims were not true and that the US will continue to protect its partners. The spokesman also said that the US did not break the peace deal. He asked Taliban to reduce violence and to focus on the coronavirus in Afghanistan. The coronavirus is spreading across the country, and the Taliban said that it will stop fighting in areas with the coronavirus. It will also let health workers help ill people.	The Taliban has accused the US and the Afghan government of violating a peace deal, and it has called on US and Afghan officials to act according to the deal. The Taliban said that it restricted attacks on Afghan security forces; however, the US carries out drone strikes on civilians. The group also said that the Afghan government delayed its promise to release 5,000 prisoners in exchange for 1,000 government personnel. The US military spokesman said that the US will continue to defend its partners in compliance with the peace deal. He called the Taliban´s claims baseless , and he asked to reduce violence and to focus on fighting the spread of the coronavirus in Afghanistan. The Taliban said that it will support health workers who can help people and that it will stop fighting in areas with reported infection.
The ‘Thomas the Tank Engine ’ stories are around 73 years old. There is also a TV show about the stories. This year, there will be a new show. It will have a new theme song. It will have characters from around the world. The stories will be around the world and in Sodor . It will also have the first woman leader of the trains. People start to make new toys for the show. They are very popular!	The ‘Thomas the Tank Engine’ show has big changes this year. The producer said that the stories have been around for 73 years, so to launch the new show, there will be a new theme song, international characters, and stories set around the world and in Sodor . Original characters, new characters, and the first female controller of the trains will be in the show. People started to make new toys for the show, and people sell one around the world every minute!	The children’s’ show ‘Thomas the Tank Engine’ has some big changes this year. Ian McCure, supervising producer, said that the stories have been around for 73 years. To launch the new series, there will be a new theme song, international characters and stories set around the world and in Sodor . There will also be the original characters, new characters, and the first female controller of the locomotives . Production of new toys also started, and people sell one around the world every minute!
Sometimes something small moves in the solar system . We call it a meteoroid. If it moves in Earth ’s atmosphere , we call it a meteor. People from Michigan, USA see a meteor. The meteor lights up the night sky. People say that houses shake, too.	A meteoroid is a small body moving in the solar system, and when it enters the earth’s atmosphere, people call it a meteor. Recently, people saw a meteor in Michigan, a state in the northern USA. The meteor lit up the night sky, and people say that houses were shaking, too. As a meteor moves in the atmosphere, it compresses the gases in front of it. The gasses are heated up and the meteor vaporises . Light and noise can be produced, too.	A meteoroid is a small body moving in the solar system, and when it enters the earth’s atmosphere, we call it a meteor. One meteor recently lit up the night sky across southern Michigan, a state in the northern USA. Reportedly ,it sent homes shaking too. An astronomer explained that as a meteor moves in the atmosphere, it compresses the gases in front of it. The gasses heat up and the meteor vaporises , producing light and noise.
Pierre Cardin is a famous fashion designer . Cardin is born in Italy in 1922. Italy is not a safe country for his family then. They move to France in 1926. Cardin works for theatre and film. He makes masks and costumes . Cardin starts to work for Christian Dior in 1946. He starts his own business four years later. Cardin´s clothes are unusual. They look futuristic . Cardin starts to sell clothes in department stores. His business style is different to other designers. He uses his name for other products, too. He sells perfumes, watches, cigarettes, and cars. He makes a lot of money. Cardin dies last week. He is 98 years old.	Pierre Cardin was born in Italy in 1922. Four years later, his family escaped to France. Pierre was born Pietro, but his family changed his name when they moved to France. Cardin´s job was to make masks and costumes for theatres and films. In 1946, he became a tailor and he worked for Christian Dior, who was not famous at that time. In 1950, Cardin started his own fashion brand , and many people knew him for his unusual business practices . He started to sell clothes in department stores and his brand became even more popular when he started to sell other things like perfumes, watches, and cars. Many people did not like his business style, but it made Cardin famous in all the world. Cardin died last week at the age of 98.	The legendary French couturier Pierre Cardin died on Tuesday last week at the age of 98. Cardin made his career by selling designer clothes to the masses, and he made his fortune by being the first to use his name as a brand for selling everything from cars to perfume. Cardin was born in 1922 in a small town in northeast Italy to French parents of Italian descent; however, his family relocated to France to escape fascism . Cardin started his career making theatrical masks and costumes for the film ´Beauty and the Beast´. In 1946, he was hired as a tailor by Christian Dior who had just opened his couture house in Paris. Four years later, at the age of 28, Cardin founded his own fashion brand. He was the first designer to sell collections in department stores in the late 1960s, and he was among the first foreign designers to open shop in Japan, China, and Russia.
An American website makes an advert . The website films the advert in New York. The video shows a meter maid . She comes to a taxi driver. She tells him to move his car, but he does not. He is also rude to her. No matter, the policewoman knows what to do! She comes in front of the car and moves it up! People can’t believe their eyes! How is this possible? Is the woman super-strong? Well, no she isn’t. The car is special. It is very light at the front and very heavy at the back.	An American website made an advert which went viral . The advert was a practical joke which was played on New Yorkers. An actress took the role of a meter maid – a female officer which gives out parking tickets. She was doing her job when one taxi driver refused to move his car and was rude to her. No matter, she went in front of the car and lifted it. People could not believe their eyes! How could this possibly be? The taxi was empty at the front and full of steel at the rear , so it was easy to lift from the front.	Meet the New York meter maid with super-strength! “You gotta move the car!” This hidden camera prank video made as an advert for a US e-commerce website has gone viral , thanks in no small part to the priceless reactions of shocked onlookers. “I’m not moving. Take that ticket and shove it up your a**!” “All right… I’m gonna give you some help, all right?” “What the f***?!” “Are you kidding me?!” The video’s director says the cab was emptied at the front and loaded with thousands of pounds of steel at the rear , making it easy for actress Jenni Ruiza to lift. “Have a good day!” Widely shared on social media, the advert was viewed by more than a million people in just over a week. “It’s so easy! Give it a lift! There you go! Alright!” “Wow!” “That was easy, right?”
This news is from Russia. A man overtakes a minibus. Then he stops. The minibus must stop, too. The men inside it do not like this. They are also dressed as Mickey Mouse and Sponge Bob. They get out of their minibus. They beat up the motorist . The incident is filmed on camera. The video is on the internet. It is very popular.	A motorist cut off a minibus in the middle of the road in Russia. He probably wasn’t expecting any serious consequences . Men dressed as Mickey Mouse, SpongeBob and others got out of the minibus and beat up the motorist. A camera caught the incident and people uploaded it to the internet. The video has become very popular.	What happens when Mickey Mouse, SpongeBob SquarePants and a few of their friends get a bit of road rage ? Well, unfortunately for one man, it wasn’t a happy ending. Yes, that’s right men dressed as the loveable cartoons showed off a darker side when they beat up a motorist who cut up their minibus in the middle of the road. The bizarre road rage incident which was caught on a Russian dashboard camera has instantly gone viral since it was posted online earlier this week.
Popocatepetl is a volcano in Mexico. It erupts in February. It erupts because of an earthquake . Popocatepetl erupts this September again. You can see the smoke for miles. Ash falls on a nearby town.	Popocatepetl is a volcano in Mexico that erupted in February because of a powerful earthquake. Recently, the volcano erupted again, and it spewed ash and smoke into the air which you could see for miles. Its activity started 21st September in the evening. Ash fell in a nearby town, and the government warned local residents to stay away from the dangerous area.	The Mexican volcano Popocatepetl recently erupted, spewing ash and smoke into the air. The first activity started on 21st September in the evening. The ash fell in a nearby town and, along with the smoke, people could see it for miles. The government warned local residents to stay away from the area. A massive earthquake in February triggered the volcano’s prior eruption.
This news is about monkeys. It is about the smallest monkeys in the world. The smallest monkeys are only 100 grams heavy. There aren’t many of these monkeys in the wild . They are in danger because people are destroying forests . A zoo in Sydney wants to help the monkeys. The zoo puts together two monkeys. It lets them have a family. Two baby monkeys are born. They are beautiful and they are very, very small. They are just 15 grams heavy. They are smaller than your thumb.	The smallest monkey in the world weighs only 100 grams. That is as much as an apple. The species is endangered because people are destroying the forests where this type of monkey lives. A zoo in Sydney is trying to help the species survive. Zoo keepers put together two monkeys to start a monkey family. A year later, two lovely monkeys were born. They weigh just 15 grams and are smaller than a human thumb! The monkeys are really cute . Check out their video!	Two tiny and absolutely adorable baby pygmy marmosets were born at Sydney’s Symbio Wildlife Park. They weighed just 15 grammes at birth (and were the size of human thumbs) but giving birth to them was, from the mother’s perspective, comparable to a human giving birth to a ten-year-old child. Their proud parents Gomez and IT were introduced to each other the previous year, when IT, the female, arrived at the zoo. Years of bachelorhood ended for Gomez and the two started a family. Apart from their baby monkeys being very cute, their birth is necessary for the ongoing survival of the endangered species . They are members of the world’s smallest monkey species, with adults weighing in at around the same weight as an average apple, just 100 grammes. They are facing extinction due to deforestation and illegal pet trade.
People know Switzerland for Swiss cheese. The cheese comes from cow’s milk. The cows are in pastures in the Swiss Alps. They are about 1,800 metres above sea level. There are ponds for the cows up there. Normally, there is water for drinking. However it is summer now and it is hot. In this part of Europe, it is extreme. It never rains. There is almost no water in those ponds for the cows. People must help them. Helicopters fly up there with water. One helicopter can carry 800 litres per trip.	People know Switzerland for Swiss cheese and it is made from cow’s milk. There cows are in pastures up in the Swiss Alps. There is a heat wave in Europe, and it affects even up in the mountains. The hot weather is not good for the cows. Due to the heat and no rain, the water reservoirs for the cows are almost empty. People have to help the cows. Helicopters fly up to 1,800 metres above sea level with water and drop it into these reservoirs. One helicopter can carry 800 litres per trip.	In Europe, there is a heat wave expanding across large stretches of the continent. Switzerland, known for its cheese, army knives, chocolate and magnificent Alps, is one of the affected areas. A lack of rain and the hot weather left water reservoirs for cattle on pastures nearly empty. The Swiss fire brigade is using helicopters to ferry water to the pastures 1,800 metres above sea level to help the struggling livestock . Their helicopters can carry 800 litres per trip.
There is a special flower in a botanic garden in Belgium. It is special for its bad smell. It does not stop visitors from sticking their noses into it. The flower does not often bloom outside Indonesia. It takes between three and ten years for the special flower to grow fully. The flower smells like old meat. The smell attracts insects. Its stinky red leaves are open for only two days.	In Belgium, there is a special flower in a botanic garden. It is famous for its foul smell, but it does not stop visitors from sticking their noses into it. The flower rarely blooms outside Indonesia, and it takes between three and ten years for it to mature . The flower smells like old meat, which attracts insects. Its stinky red leaves stay open only for two days.	In Belgium, there is a special flower in a botanic garden that is famous for its foul smell. It does not stop visitors from sticking their noses into it. The flower rarely blooms outside of its natural habitat in Indonesia, and it can take between three and ten years for it to mature . The flower smells like rotten meat to attract insect to pollinate it. Its stinky red leaves stay open only for two days.
Women in the UK can have abortions . Women in Northern Ireland cannot. Northern Ireland has a strict abortion law . Women cannot have legal abortions there. They can become criminals if they do. Some women from Ireland travel to England. They have legal abortions. Some women from Ireland cannot travel. They do not have the money. This situation makes some Irish women angry. They want the UK’s law. They organise a group and they protest.	Northern Ireland has a strict abortion law, which is different from the rest of the UK. Women can access 9-week abortion pills or have an abortion if the woman’s life is at risk. Some women feel very angry about this. They form a protest group, which says that the law should be the same as it is in the rest of the UK. These women from the group hand themselves to the police. They do this because they bought abortion pills and gave them to other women who were too afraid to buy them. Irish women who have the money to travel to England can have legal abortion there. Women who do not have the money have no choice. A judge gave a 21-year-old woman a suspended sentence earlier this month. This was because she bought abortion pills online and had an abortion.	Three women hand themselves into police in Derry for taking delivery of abortion pills to pass onto other women too afraid to have them delivered to their own homes. The campaigners were protesting against Northern Ireland’s strict abortion law, which only permits terminations if a woman’s life is at risk or there is a permanent or serious risk to her mental or physical health. The women, who are members of a group called Choice Alliance in Derry, say the law should be the same as in the rest of the UK. “We’re feeling very angry that it’s illegal. That’s why we’re feeling very angry that women are placed in this situation. That women who can afford to travel to England can have a legal abortion. Women who can’t afford to travel can only access 9-week abortion pills, 60 pounds. We’re very angry about that, we’re very angry that women are being criminalised.” A proposal to legalise abortion was defeated in the Northern Ireland Assembly earlier this year. And just last month, a 21-year-old woman was given a suspended sentence after she induced  miscarriage using drugs she bought online.
This news is from Donetsk. Donetsk is a city. It is in eastern Ukraine. There is a war in eastern Ukraine. People’s lives are difficult. There is an orphanage in the city. It cares for 21 children. The children are not safe. The teachers do not speak about the war. They do not want to scare the children. However, the children know what is happening. They want the war to stop. They want to be safe.	This news is from Donetsk, a city in eastern Ukraine. Now, there is a ceasefire , but the rebels and the Ukrainian government forces can start fighting again. Life, and especially caring for children, is not easy in the city. An orphanage , which cares for 21 children, knows the hardship too well. The children are in danger both physically and psychologically. The director explained that she and the teachers do not speak of the war. However, the children know what is happening. They want the war to stop so they can be safe.	Under a fragile  ceasefire , the residents of this eastern Ukrainian town are slowly trying to rebuild their lives, but after fierce fighting between government forces and Russian-backed rebells, life in Donetsk is a daily struggle , one that this orphanage knows too well. Caring for children amid the conflict is a challenge with supplies proving insufficient or impossible to acquire . The Teremok Orphanage is home to 21 preschool children and director Raisa Prilipko says they face not only physical but psychological risks as well. “They know what a missile complex is. They all understand what this is. They heard it here when the walls were trembling especially in January and February – before there was a ceasefire. It was impossible to be here at all.” The centre runs various cultural classes in a bid to draw the children’s attention away from the damaging situation around them. “My principle, and the principle of the teachers is not to speak of the war at all, not to give the children weapons, guns and arms.” Six-year-old Albina, who was found hiding in a basement during fierce shelling, says she dreams of an end to the fighting. “I want more than anything for there to no longer be a war and no bombing, so that children are fine and they don’t have to run away anywhere.” A nearby boarding school has also felt the effect of the war. In peacetime, it had 140 children. That number has now halved. After a year of fighting, which has killed more than 6,000 people, weapons are slowly being withdrawn from the front line and hope is returning. However, as a peace plan to end the conflict comes under renewed strain , it seems hope is the only sure thing residents here really have.
The Amazon is in Brazil. The Amazon is the largest forest in the world. Millions of special animals and plants are there. It is home to indigenous people. Indigenous people live in and understand nature. They protect it. They live in the Amazon for hundreds of years. Gold and other special rocks are under the ground in the Amazon. People take rocks from the ground. It is illegal to mine in the Amazon. Many illegal mines are there. People destroy the forest and rivers to make the mines. They bring sickness to the indigenous people. The Brazilian president will change the law. It will be possible to mine in the Amazon. About 30% of gold comes from illegal mines now.	The Amazon is the largest forest in the world, and it is home to millions of animal and plants. I ndigenous people also live there for whom it is more and more difficult to survive in the modern world. The land beneath the Amazon contains special rocks called minerals, such as gold. Gold brings in miners . The gold mining business is illegal, and it causes serious damage. Miners destroy forests, poison rivers, and they bring diseases to indigenous people. Nature needs many years to return to a normal situation, and sometimes, it is not even possible. The Brazilian president Jair Bolsonaro wants to change a law, which will make mining in the Amazon legal. This is very bad news for the indigenous people. Currently, nearly 30% of Brazil´s gold comes from illegal business.	The illegal gold mining business is booming in Brazil, with miners hopping on a law that President Jair Bolsonaro has sent to the government. The proposed law would open up indigenous land to commercial mining. The Amazon is home to protected indigenous communities as well as diverse flora  and  fauna . However, the land beneath the unspoiled forest contains valuable minerals. In recent decades, the lust for gold has attracted illegal prospectors who have destroyed forests, poisoned rivers, and brought fatal diseases to tribes. It is very difficult for nature to recover from such damage, even with human help. Despite all the negative effects, the illegal gold mining business is booming in Brazil, with nearly 30% of the country´s gold in 2019 and 2020 likely coming from illegal mines. Nearly two thirds of Brazil´s gold went to Canada, Switzerland, and the UK.
This happens in Peru. A dog gets into canal . It cannot get out. It is in danger. Luckily, there are police officers nearby . They help the dog. One police officer gets undressed. He jumps into the water. He picks up the dog. He passes it to another officer. They save the dog. He is only a little shaken .	In Peru, a dog found itself in a canal and it could not get out. Luckily, police officers were on hand to help it out. One officer even stripped down to his underwear and got into the water to help the drowning animal. He grabbed the dog and passed him to another officer. They saved the dog and he was only a little shaken.	A dog in Peru found itself stranded in a canal in Trujillo, a city in north western Peru, but luckily, police officers were on hand to help the dog out. One of them stripped down to his underwear and got into the water to help the drowning animal. He eventually grabbed the dog and handed it to the first in line of the human chain that people formed along the canal bank. People saved the dog, and it looked only a little shaken up by the ordeal .
Here is some news from a Washington zoo. It is about little lions. They must pass a swimming test. People throw them into water, and the animals must swim. All four cats hold their heads above the water. Three of them swim. One cat does not want to swim. It gets out of the water quickly. Small cats must pass the test at the zoo. The test covers their ability to swim. Water must be no danger to these cats.	Little lions at a zoo in Washington must pass a swimming test. Four ten-week-old cats were thrown into the water by the staff. All four cubs held their heads above the water, and three of them swam to the shallow end of the moat . One, however, got quickly out of the water the same way he entered. The small cats at the zoo must pass this test. They must show that they are strong enough, and that water is no danger to them.	A group of little lion cubs passed their swimming test, as their keepers introduced them to water at a zoo in Washington. Lions and tigers at the zoo must pass the test to demonstrate their maturity. The keepers t ossed the cubs into a moat at the National Zoo and although irritated by the unexpected dunk , they all managed to swim safely to the side. All of the four 10-week-old cats held their heads above water, and three paddled to the shallow end and climbed on to dry land. A little one took a short cut instead, scampering out the same way that he entered.
This news is from Rio. It is not about sports. It is about love. A Chinese diver proposes to his girlfriend. They are on a podium. He is very nervous. He does not know what she is going to say. She says yes! They are not the only couple there. A Brazilian rugby player’s girlfriend proposed to her. They are on the pitch after the grand final. A British race walker proposes to his boyfriend. They are on Copacabana Beach. An American triple jumper proposes to his girlfriend. He does this after winning a silver medal. This isn’t just the athletes . All the people are feeling the love and happiness in Rio.	Maybe it’s the excitement of the Games or the heat from the sun, but it seems like love is in the air in Rio. A Chinese diver’s boyfriend proposed to her whilst on the podium. Her boyfriend said that his heart was beating so hard because he did not know what she would say. Thankfully, she said yes. This comes after a Brazilian rugby sevens player’s girlfriend proposed to her on the pitch after the grand final. Other Olympic love birds include a British 20-kilometre race walker who proposed to his boyfriend on Copacabana Beach and an American triple jumper who proposed to his girlfriend after winning a silver medal in his event. And this is not just the Olympians – the rest of the city is feeling the love, too. There must be something in the water in Rio.	Maybe it’s the excitement of the Games or the heat from the sun, but it seems like love is in the air in Rio. The world “ awwed ” when Chinese diver He Zi was proposed to whilst on the podium, and although her fellow diver Fiancée Qin Kai had been planning to pop the question in this way, he still wasn’t sure of what she might say. He says his heart was beating so hard because there was so much uncertainty. He was thinking she’ll probably say no to him and that he didn’t know. Thankfully, she didn’t say no, and the romantic gesture even cushioned the blow of missing out on gold. He Zi says missing out is definitely a regret, so she wasn’t that excited and emotional as you can see when he proposed. She said she’s been training for almost 20 years and worked really hard for this dream so was disappointed when she won silver. But the next day, the proposal made her feel more than happy after what he did for her. This comes after Brazilian rugby sevens player Isadora Cerullo was proposed to by her girlfriend on the pitch after the grand final. Other Olympic love birds include Britain’s 20-kilometre race walker Tom Bosworth who proposed to his boyfriend on Copacabana Beach, and American triple jumper, William Claye, who proposed to his girlfriend after winning a silver medal in his event. And clearly the rest of the city are feeling the love, too. There must be something in the water in Rio.
There is a deal between North Korea and the US. It is about nuclear weapons . North Korea promises to stop all nuclear tests. It can put away its nuclear weapons. Last week, the leader of North Korea says that he wants to test a new weapon soon. He is angry because the US starts new sanctions against North Korea. Also, the US continues military training with South Korea. North Korea does not like this. The US president is hopeful. He says that the relationship between the US and North Korea is good. He hopes that the leader of North Korea does not start nuclear tests again.	Kim Jong-un, the leader of North Korea, said that North Korea could start nuclear tests and introduce a new weapon soon. The last test of a long-range weapon took place in November 2017. North Korea and the US signed a deal, and North Korea promised to remove all nuclear weapons. However, Kim´s opinion changed because the US imposed more sanctions on the country and continued military trainings with South Korea. Kim stopped negotiations with the US government, but the US president, Donald Trump, said that the relationship between North Korea and the US is very good. Trump hopes that Kim does not start the nuclear tests and that he continues to remove nuclear weapons.	North Korea may soon start nuclear and missile tests, as the North Korean leader, Kim Jong-un, said that he does not feel bound to his suspension of such tests. Kim complained that he did not get anything in return for the suspension. Instead, he pointed out that the US imposed more sanctions on the country and continued military trainings with South Korea and sell it weapons. Kim stopped to negotiations with the US administration, and he warned that North Korea will show a new strategic weapon in the near future. The US president, Donald Trump, told reporters that the relationship between North Korea and the US is very good. Trump also reminded that Kim signed a contract for denuclearization, and he hopes that Kim will keep his word .
Scientists send a spacecraft probe to space. This is in November, 2014. The probe lands on a comet . The probe gets information. It gets power from sunlight. It runs out of power. It stops in a shadow. Now, it cannot get power. It stops sending information to the scientists. Now, the comet flies closer to the sun. The shadow on the comet moves. The probe is in sunlight. It gets power again. It sends information to scientists again.	In November 2014, scientists sent a spacecraft probe to land on a comet. The probe successfully landed and worked for 60 hours, but when it ran out of energy, it stopped working. It happened to sit in a shadow and its solar battery could not recharge . When the comet moved closer to the sun, the shadow moved and the probe’s battery received solar power. Recently, the probe started to send transmissions to scientists again. It even sent a tweet!	The Philae lander, which lost power after making its historic landing on a comet, has finally woken up and contacted the European Space Agency. The comet probe has been asleep since November after its batteries ran out and scientists were unable to recharge it. The Philae lander lay in the shadow of a crater wall and so was unable to gather solar power. The European Space Agency has confirmed it is receiving transmissions from the Philae lander. It even sent a Tweet: “Hello, Earth! Can you hear me?” When Philae landed six months ago, it only worked for around 60 hours before its solar-powered battery ran  flat . The comet has since moved nearer to the sun and Philae has enough power to work again. Scientists say they are now waiting for the next contact.
This news is about a man from the USA. He is working with a nail gun . He drops it by accident. The nail gun fires . He is shot. The nail is in his heart. The nail is moving in his heart. He can feel it. He does not try to pull it out. He knows that would be very dangerous. He drives to hospital. He is fine now.	A man from Wisconsin, USA was nailing with a nail gun when he accidentally dropped it. It then fired on its own and shot him in the chest. He could not see anything, but he felt the nail moving with his heart. It was embedded inside the heart. He didn’t try to pull the nail out – he knew that could have been fatal . Instead, he drove to hospital. He is fine now.	A man named Doug from Wisconsin, USA was nailing with a nail gun when he accidentally dropped it, and it shot him on its own. Doug could not see anything, but he felt a nail moving with his heart, as it was embedded inside it. Luckily, he did not attempt to pull the nail out, which could have been fatal . Instead, he drove himself to hospital to have it removed. Now, he is fine.
A shark tries to catch seagulls . He is a great white shark, but he is young. He is two metres long. He is in shallow water. He gets stuck on the beach. He must get back to the deep water. People help him. They put water on him. They move him back to the sea.	A shark was trying to catch seagulls on a coast of Massachusetts, USA. A receding tide stranded the young 2-metre great white shark. People on the beach poured water on the shark until help arrived. People tied a rope to the animal’s tail and it carefully pulled it back to sea.	A young great white shark was rescued from a sandbar in Cape Cod in Massachusetts. People on the beach doused the shark with buckets of water until officials arrived. Witnesses told local media the shark got stuck in the sand after the seven-foot-long (2 metres) male tried to catch seagulls off the Chatham coast. After tying a rope to its tail and carefully dragging it back to water, the harbourmaster guided it back out to sea. Witnesses said the shark was stranded by the receding  tide . Curious bystanders applauded as officials managed to successfully release the shark back into the ocean.
This happens in south London. A man is in a bank. He waits. A robber comes to the bank. He has a gun. He wants to steal money. The man looks at the robber’s gun. He sees that it is fake . He tells the robber to leave. When the robber leaves, the man catches him. Police come and the robber goes to jail for life . The man from the bank is brave . Police thank him and give him £1,200.	A man was waiting in a bank in south London when a masked robber burst in . He waved his gun at the cashier. Luckily, the man noticed that the robber’s gun was fake. He told the robber to leave. When the criminal did, the man chased after him. Police arrested and jailed the robber for life. The man, who is a window cleaner, was given £1,200 for his bravery .	A man who was queuing up at bank in south London got more than he bargained  for , as he ended up catching a bank robber. James Rowley, who said he was in a bad mood that day, was in a Lloyds Bank when masked robber Andrew Fernandez suddenly burst in and waved a gun at the cashier. After a moment or two, Rowely noticed the gun was fake and challenged the robber. In a statement he said he asked Fernandez to leave and when Fernandez tried to escape, he chased after him. James Rowley, who is a window cleaner, chased the armed robber down the street and caught him and then waited for police to arrive. He was later presented with a commendation for his actions and given £1,200 for his bravery from the Metropolitan police. Andrew Fernandez was jailed for life for attempted armed robbery.
15:00 Volvo is starting a new project. It wants to make special cars. These cars are self-driving . You can only sit and the car drives. Volvo has a plan. It wants cars to be safe. It does not want any people to die from car accidents. By 2020, Volvo wants to make cars that are very safe. Also, the self-driving cars are fuel-efficient . They are friendly to the planet. Lastly, Volvo helps you if you have problems with parking. Some cars park automatically .	Volvo is starting a new project. It wants to introduce us to self-driving cars. These cars allow you to sit back as they take control. Volvo wants to make cars in which nobody gets killed or seriously injured. The plan is to produce very safe cars by 2020. Volvo’s cars can already brake automatically and help you keep in your lane . Also, its cars are more fuel-efficient and friendlier to the planet. And it helps if you are not very good at parking. Some cars come with automated parking!	A new pilot  project being launched is set to introduce us to self-driving cars. Yes, you heard correctly, cars that allow you to sit back as the vehicle takes control. Volvo’s autonomous driving is said to improve fuel economy, the effects cars have on the environment and road safety. The car manufacturer’s ambition is to ensure nobody is killed or even seriously injured in its cars, and the plan is to produce cars that can achieve that by 2020. And with its project being able to brag auto braking , a lane keeping aid and adaptive cruise control, it sounds like they could be on their way to achieving this. And for those that get into a sweat squeezing your car into tricky spaces from time to time, the cars even come with automated parking. The project has been endorsed by the Swedish Government and will be the first country to use the driving pilot.
There is a fire in a town. It is in Ukraine. It is west of Kiev. An arms depot catches fire. There is a big explosion. Thousands of people evacuate. The Ukrainian Prime Minister says that this is sabotage . Some of people’s houses are damaged . No one is injured.	There was a fire in a Ukrainian town west of Kiev. The fire caused a massive explosion at an arms depot . Thousands of people had to evacuate. Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said that ‘external factors’ were behind the fire. External factors may mean sabotage . Some buildings where people live were damaged. Fortunately, no one was injured.	There was a fire in the Ukrainian town of Kalynivka, located west of Kiev, which caused a massive explosion at an arms depot . Thousands of people had to evacuate as fires raged and munitions exploded throughout the blaze . Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said that ‘external factors’, presumably meaning sabotage , were behind the incident. The explosion damaged four residential buildings, but no injuries have yet been reported.
A video shows a group of prisoners . They are in Iraq. They are not alone. There are captors in the video, too. The captors question the prisoners. The captors make fun of the prisoners. They make them look stupid. Another video shows a man. He is on the ground. His head is injured. He is probably dead.	An online video shows a group of Iraqi prisoners. They are questioned by their captors . One of the prisoners says that they understand and respect the captors. The captors make fun of them. They ridicule them. Another video shows a man on the ground. His head is seriously wounded and he appears to be dead.	This video posted online purports to show a group of Iraqi prisoners being questioned by their captors. The footage, which cannot be independently verified , appears to show the prisoners being mocked and ridiculed by armed militants. The video purports to show one of the prisoners saying, “We understand, we respect you.” Then when asked by one of the captors, “When we say the Islamic state, what do you say?”, he replies with, “ God is great, God give you strength .” The captor then questions them again, with one prisoner allegedly begging, “Just give us water, please.” One of the captors continues to taunt the prisoners, purportedly saying, “Are you unable to speak? The Islamic nation will slaughter you. And you, enemy of God, the Islamic nation is what?” then demanding they repeat the chant, “The Islamic state is lasting.” The fighters can then be seen holding a gun to one of the prisoners’ throats. In a separate video posted online, the footage appears to show a man with one of the prisoner’s IDs, with the body of a man lying in between the others on the ground. The man appears to be dead, with a serious head wound.
There is an event in Washington DC. It is about science, technology, culture and the arts. One man has a jetpack . He flies in a big building. A company works on jetpacks. The company is in New Zealand. The company will sell its jetpacks. Over 10,000 people are already interested. The jetpacks will cost $150,000. That is a lot of money. Not everybody can buy a jetpack.	A man took off inside a big building in Washington DC. He wore a hydrogen and nitrogen-powered jetpack. This was a part of an event which explores science, technology, culture and the arts. It’s not the first time jetpacks have taken off. A company in New Zealand developed jetpacks which are going to be commercially available. Governments allowed the company to carry out  manned test flights. The company is one step closer to its goal. Over 10,000 people asked the company about the jetpacks as they are interested in buying them. Sadly, the jetpacks won’t be for everybody. They will cost around $150,000.	Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No, it’s a man with a jetpack soaring around the Smithsonian Institute in Washington DC. The demonstration shows a man blasting off inside the Ronald Reagan Building with the help of a hydrogen and nitrogen-powered jetpack. The event, now in its second year, is part of the Smithsonian magazine’s The Future is Here Festival, which explores science, technology, culture and the arts. And it’s not the first time jetpacks have blasted off . A company in New Zealand, the Martin Aircraft, is currently developing commercially-available jetpacks and came one step closer to its goal last year when it was given civil aviation approval for manned test flights. “We have over 10,000 people who have actually enquired us to whether they may be able to purchase these in the future.” But with a starting price tag of around $150,000, jetpacks might not be for everyone.
Ultrahaptics is a new technology. It uses ultrasound . The ultrasound is sent to your hand. Your hand can feel something. You feel something, but you touch nothing. It is like magic . You can feel buttons, for example. This can be good in elevators and hospitals. It is cleaner not to touch something. Ultrahaptics can be used for virtual reality, too. You can feel anything. The technology is patented . However, it can take time until people use it in the everyday world.	Ultrahaptics from Bristol University in England is a new ultrasound technology. It lets you feel and use buttons or other things in the air. You do not touch anything; it only feels like you do. The team hopes that the technology will be used to control household devices , buttons in an elevator or in hospitals. Ultrahaptics makes interaction with devices cleaner because you do not need to touch anything. It can be used for virtual reality, too, as it can mimic many 3D objects. The technology is already patented, but it can take a while until we will use it in everyday life.	Ultrahaptics from Bristol University in England is a new technology which allows you to feel and interact with buttons, switches or other objects in mid-air that are not really there. The team hopes that the ultrasound technology will be used to control household devices , buttons in an elevator or in hospitals making interaction cleaner and more hygienic . The new technology can be used for virtual reality, too, as it can mimic many three-dimensional objects. The technology has been already patented, but it could be a while until we see ultrahaptics introduced into our daily lives.
There is a bad situation in Iran. There is terrorism . Some countries stop business with Iran. They do not agree with Iranian politics . They are afraid of the war and terrorism. This is not good for the Iranian people. They do not get enough food or medicine. The US wants to make the situation in Iran better. They make a new system to help. There must be more control of the money. The new system is good for international companies. They can better understand what kind of business is good for Iran.	The US worked on a new system of help for people in Iran. Iran is under sanctions because there is a problem with its military program. Some people worry that Iran does not get enough food and medicine. The US thinks that some money from the help to Iran can help military or terrorist groups, and this must change. There must be better rules and control. Officials say that the new system is good for international companies. They can understand the rules better and they can do business with Iran.	There are concerns that Iran does not get enough food and medicine help because of sanctions on this country. The Trump administration is working on new regulations for humanitarian aid to Iran. The US wants to make the regulations easier. It is important that Iran still receives food, medicine, and other help. The regulations will also guarantee that the financial aid does not support Iran´s military program and terrorist groups. Steven Mnuchin, the Treasury Department Secretary, says that the new regulations will help international companies with humanitarian trade with Iran.
This news is about a young man. He is from South Africa. When he’s 18, he is circumcised . Something goes wrong and his penis is only 1 centimetre long. The man has a penis transplant . This is quite special. This is the first penis transplant in the world. The operation takes 9 hours. Everything goes fine. The man is happy with his new penis. He does not have any problems. In fact, he is going to be a dad. His girlfriend is pregnant .	An 18-year-old South African man was circumcised , but something went wrong. He was left with just one centimetre of his original penis. The soldier had the world’s first penis transplant . The operation took nine hours. The team of experts needed to connect small blood vessels and nerves, so they used some techniques which were developed to perform the first face transplant. The soldier is happy with his new penis and is not having any big problems. In fact, he is going to be a dad – his girlfriend got pregnant only four months after the operation.	The man who had the world’s first penis transplant is apparently going to become a dad. Experts were predicting it could take two years for the South African patient to regain all functions, but the 21-year-old trooper has reportedly shown this had been achieved in just four months. South African outlet News24 reported that just six months after the unnamed man’s surgery was successful, the surgeon said his girlfriend say she’s pregnant. Surgeons at Stellenbosch University and Tygerberg Hospital performed a nine-hour operation to attach a donated penis. “The penis was harvested from a donor whose family consented and we transplanted it in a nine-hour operation to the recipient . He’s very happy, and he’s not having any major side effects from the immune suppression .” The man had been left with just one centrimetre of his original penis as a result of a botched  circumcision . He was 18 and sexually active at the time. When attaching the donated penis, the team used some of the techniques that had been developed to perform the first face transplants, in order to connect the tiny blood vessels and nerves.
A man from Australia has a snake. He feeds it a rat . He holds the rat with tongs . The snake eats the tongs, too. This is dangerous for the snake. Doctors operate on it. They take out the tongs. The snake’s name is Winston. He is getting better.	A man from Australia has a pet snake called Winston. One time, the owner used barbecue tongs to feed a rat to the snake. The snake gripped on to the tongs as well, and the man could not take the tongs from him. The owner left the tongs with Winston. When he returned, the tongs were gone – Winston ate them. Snakes can bring back food which they don’t like, but tongs could hurt the snake. The pet snake had to have an operation – doctors removed the tongs and Winston is getting better.	A pet python named Winston underwent surgery to remove a pair of barbecue tongs that he had swallowed. Snakes have an ability to regurgitate food if they change their mind on what they ate, but vets at Adelaide University in Australia were not convinced that Winston was going to regurgitate even if he tried, so they operated on the python. The snake drama unfolded when Winston’s owner used the tongs to feed a dead rat to him, which he then gripped on to. The owner was unable to free the tongs, so he left them with Winston only to return later to find that the snake had swallowed them whole. Vets reported that the pet will make a good recovery.
Prince Harry and his wife Meghan decide to stop their activity in the Royal Family. They say that they want to start working. However, they plan to work with Queen Elizabeth II, Prince Charles, and other people. Harry and Meghan want to divide their time between the United Kingdom and North America. They want to start new projects. They want to focus on charity . They also say that they need more space. The British tabloids write a lot about Meghan. The couple is not happy about it. Harry remembers the situation with his mother, Princess Diana, and the tabloids. She dies because journalists follow her everywhere. The Royal Family says that they understand why Harry and Meghan want to change their lives. They must discuss everything. They must solve this difficult situation.	Prince Harry and his wife Meghan announced on Wednesday that they want to step back as members of the Royal Family. They want to become financially independent; however, they plan to collaborate with Queen Elizabeth II, Prince Charles and other groups. In their statement, they said that they want to divide their time between the United Kingdom and North America to get more space and focus on new activities. In the past, the couple spoke about the problems with the British media when the tabloids started stories against Meghan. Harry then described how his mother, Princess Diana, became a victim of the tabloids. Buckingham Palace said that they understand that Harry and Meghan want to change their way of life, but the discussions are at the start, and it can take some time to solve this difficult situation.	The Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced on Wednesday that they are going to step back as senior members of the Royal Family, and work to become financially independent while continuing to fully support Her Majesty The Queen. In their statement, Prince Harry and his wife Meghan said that they will split their time between the United Kingdom and North America to get the space to focus on their new  chapter , including the launch of their new charitable project. The couple said that they will continue to collaborate with Queen Elizabeth II, Prince Charles and other relevant parties. In a statement, Buckingham Palace said that they understand the couple´s desire to take a different way, but discussions are at an early stage, and it will take some time to work through this complicated issue.
A man from Austria does something exciting . He is in Croatia. There is a deep cave there. He flies into the cave with a hot air balloon. This is the first hot air balloon flight underground. The flight takes around 25 minutes.	A seventy-year-old Austrian adventurer landed a hot air balloon in a cave 200 metres deep. He was the first man to fly a hot air balloon underground. The flight took about 25 minutes. The old man’s mission comes exactly ten years after a fellow Austrian jumped down the cave with a parachute.	A seventy-year-old Austrian adventurer has successfully landed a hot air balloon in a cave 200 metres deep in the Velebit Mountains in Croatia. Ivan Trifonov, decided to fly down, touch the cave’s bottom and fly out of the cave, in a never seen before attempt at flying a hot air balloon underground. Ivan’s mission comes exactly ten years after fellow Austrian adventurer Felix Baumgartner pulled off a parachute base jump on the same spot. This historical air balloon flight took around 25 minutes, from the initial take-off on surface , through touching the bottom of the cave, and flying out and landing back on surface.
In Russia, a Siberian tiger walks in a city. People catch him. They send him back to the wild . They take him to a national park. It is about 500 kilometres to the north. In the vast woods, he lives freely and thrives . Russia protects Siberian tigers. People believe that there are only 54 of them left in the wild.	In Russia, a Siberian tiger prowled the suburbs of a city, so people caught him to send him back to the wild. They moved him to a national park about 500 kilometres to the north. In the woods, he can live freely and thrive . Russia protects Siberian tigers, as people believe that there are only about 54 of them left in the wild.	In Russia, people named a tiger Vladik that was prowling the suburbs of a city called Vladivostok. People caught Vladik so that they could send him back to the wild. They relocated the tiger to Bikin National Park, which is about 500 kilometres to the north. In the vast woodland, he can roam freely and thrive in the space without the danger of people. Russia protects Siberian tigers as people believe that there are only about 54 of them in the wild.
Erin Jackson is an American athlete. She is the world’s best speed skater . She is the best in 500-meter skating. Jackson is in the US Olympic trials. The Olympic trials are when officials choose athletes to go to the Olympic Games. The trials are a special event for athletes. Two of the fastest athletes can go to the Olympics. Everyone thinks that Jackson will win. Then, something unusual happens to her. She makes a mistake.  Then, two athletes are faster. This means that she cannot go to the Olympics. The winner is Brittany Bowe. She can do three different races at the Olympics. She can do 500, 1,000, and 1,500 meters. She gives her place in the 500-meter race to Jackson. The place gives her time to be in the race. Jackson is her good friend. Jackson is very lucky.	American athlete Erin Jackson is the world’s best speed skater, and she is number one in the 500-meter event. She nearly missed the chance to go to the Olympics in Beijing, China, next month. During Olympic trials , she made a mistake, and she ended in third place. Brittany Bowe, Jackson’s friend and teammate, came first, and Kimi Goetz ended second. Only the athletes, who were in the first two places, could go to the Olympics. It was a big shock for Jackson, and for Bowe, too, and then Bowe did something that nobody expected. She gave up her own spot in the 500-meter event to Jackson. Jackson got a chance to be in the event, and Bowe could still be in the 1,000 and 1,500-meter events.	American speed skater Erin Jackson’s dream to chase Olympic gold is back for her signature 500-meter event at next month’s Beijing Olympics. Jackson ranked number one in the world in the 500 meters event; however, she slipped during US Olympic trials in Milwaukee, and she missed out on an Olympic spot. Those prized spots went to the winner of the event, Brittany Bowe, and the second-place finisher Kimi Goetz. Jackson, who came in third, looked like she was going to miss her likely last trip to the Olympics after she went to Pyongyang, North Korea, in 2018. Missing the competition would have been a shock, so Bowe decided to step in. In a selfless act, Bowe, who had qualified for three races in Beijing, gave up her own spot to give it to her good friend and teammate, Jackson. Jackson, who calls Bowe a long-time friend and mentor , said that she was beyond grateful and humbled . Bowe will still be going to Beijing, as she qualified for the 1,000 and 1,500-meter competitions.
A tomb is found in Greece. It is around 2,400 years old. Alexander the Great lived in those times. People find a skeleton in the tomb. It is a skeleton of a famous person. We know this because the tomb is nice. Maybe the person was a friend of Alexander the Great! Experts bring up the tomb. They find pieces of glass and bone. These pieces make the tomb look nice.	Greek scientists uncovered an underground grave with a skeleton in a tomb . People built the tomb in the 4th century BC around the time of Alexander the Great. The skeleton belonged to a well-known person because people used a lot of marble on the tomb. Experts say that the tomb could belong to a friend or family member of Alexander the Great. Scientists started digging out the tomb in August. They found pieces of glass and bone which decorated the tomb.	Greek archaeologists have uncovered an underground grave with a skeleton in a tomb in the northern city of Amphipolis. The burial site is believed to be the largest ever discovered in Greece. The tomb is estimated to have been built in the fourth century BC around the reign of the great warrior Alexander the Great of the Macedonian Kingdom. According to a statement by the Ministry of Culture, the almost intact skeleton belonged to a “ distinguished public figure “, due to the amount of marble that was used to build the tomb. Greeks have been following with bated breath , as each of the chambers has been being dug out, with speculation running wild over who it could belong to. Experts say it could belong to a friend or family member of Alexander the Great, or someone from his military or naval forces, due to its elaborate detail. Archaeologists have been digging out the mysterious tomb, since August. In the recent discovery, iron and copper nails of the coffin, and decorative bone and glass ornaments that adorned it were also found. Previously discovered items include two winged sphinxes at the entrance and a colourful detailed floor mosaic, depicting the mythological tale of the abduction of Persephone. In ancient times, Amphipolis was a significant naval base and Alexander and his forces passed through.
There is a new law in Florida. The governor of Florida signs it. The new law starts in October. The law says that teachers can have a gun at school. A teacher must be ready if he or she wants a gun. The teacher must do at least 144 hours of training. The teacher must also do drug tests and psychological tests. Also, every school can choose if its teachers can have guns.	Last Wednesday, the governor of Florida signed a new law that goes into effect in October, and it lets teachers carry guns at school. Teachers who choose to carry a gun must undergo at least 144 hours of training and do psychological and drug tests. Also, each school will need to decide if it will let its teachers carry guns or not.	Florida Governor Ron DeSantis signed a bill last Wednesday which will allow teachers to carry guns at school. After the law goes into effect on October 1st, school boards will still need to give authorisation to their teachers. Teachers who choose to arm themselves will need to undergo at least 144 hours of training and take psychological and drug tests.
The October Effect is a theory . This theory says that dramatic economic events happen in October. It is true that many bad economic events in the past happen in October. The New York Stock Exchange falls in October 1907. One of the worst economic events in the world´s history happens in October 1929. It starts in Wall Street in the USA. People call this day Black Thursday. It makes changes in the whole world. Similar things happen in October 1987. It is not a surprise that people believe the October Effect. Some businessmen do not like October. However, many bad events happen in other months, too.	The October Effect is a theory that stock markets fall in the month of October. People believe this theory because some important events that made negative changes on stock markets happened in October. In October 1907, the New York Stock Exchange fell dramatically. On October 24, 1929, one of the worst economic events in history happened. This day is called Black Thursday, and it was the start of the Wall Street crash. In October 1987, stocks also fell on Wall Street, and it started a global crisis . Some people believe that the October Effect is real, and some businessmen see this month negatively. However, similar bad events happen in other months, too.	The October Effect is a perceived market anomaly that stocks tend to fall in October. If we go back in time, back into 1907, a financial crisis took place in the US over a three-week period starting in mid-October. During this time, the New York Stock Exchange fell almost 50% from its peak the previous year. October 24, 1929, was given the name Black Thursday, and it began the stock market crash, which is considered the worst economic event in world history. Similarly, on October 19, 1987, all major world markets experienced a sharp fall, which became known as Black Monday. Is the October Effect real? Statistically , October is not any more significant than the other months, and the October effect tends to be overrated . In fact, September has more historical down months than October.
In Ireland, there are floods . A donkey is in trouble. He is in deep water. He cannot get away. People want to save the donkey. They come to him in a boat. They put a lifebuoy around his neck. The lifebuoy is connected to the boat. The boat pulls the donkey. The donkey gets on land. He is very happy. He looks like he smiles in a photograph.	People saved a donkey from floods in Ireland after deep water stranded him. The team of brave rescuers put a lifebuoy on the animal’s neck and pulled him back to safety. When Mike the donkey was back on land, he was very happy. You can see that he looks like he is smiling in a photograph!	The smile of one happy donkey. Mike the donkey has been rescued from floods in Ireland after he was spotted  stranded in deep water. A group of selfless rescuers from a local running club set out to move the donkey who had gotten stuck after strong winds blew over a gate and shed , allowing him to get out. The brave group put a lifebuoy on the animal’s neck to tow him back to safety and he looked pretty grateful about it. Mike’s owner was extremely upset that he’d become stranded and was even in tears as he was being rescued. The team behind the donkey’s safe return has been branded heroes and Mike is now recovering from his adventure in a warm animal shelter before being returned to his home and his owner.
The UK is leaving the EU. The Brexit deal is almost ready. But some topics are not clear yet. Fishing is the main topic to discuss right now. Britain wants to control British waters. Fishing is not a big part of Britain´s economy . But it is very important for many people. Britain must keep its waters. It makes the country stronger. The EU wants to be able to get to the waters. They are very important for the country´s business. France can have big problems without the waters. Britain and the EU must discuss other things, too. They want to stop problems in the future.	It seems that the Brexit talks between the UK and the EU are coming to an end. But there is one topic that still stirs  emotions , and it is fishing . Britain´s prime minister said that the country wanted to take back control of British waters. In 2019, fishing made only 0.03% of Britain´s production , so why is it so important for the Brits? Many people see fishing as a symbol of Britain´s power, so they want Britain to keep its waters. The EU does not agree with it, and it wants to have access to British waters. For France, it is very important to have access to British waters, and without it, the country would have big problems.	The chief negotiators of the UK and the EU met for intensive negotiations on a trade deal that would stave  off an emotional end to the five-year-old Brexit crisis. The key point of tension between the EU and Britain is fishing which alone made just 0.03% of Britain´s economic output in 2019; however, it is an emotional subject for Brexit supporters. They see fishing as a symbol of Britain´s sovereignty that leaving the EU should bring. Boris Johnson, the UK prime minister, insisted that the country would take back control of UK´s waters while the EU wants to keep access to it. In France, British waters are important and if they were locked out, it would cause trouble to the French president. Other areas of the debate include economic fair play and finding ways to settle future trade disputes .
This news is from Brazil. A person from a TV show films a woman. She stands on a street. She gives an interview. She talks about crime. Suddenly , something bad happens. A man tries to rob the woman. He wants to take her necklace . The woman is fine. The man does not steal the necklace. Police come, but they are late. The man is gone. Crime is a problem in the area.	A Brazilian woman gave an interview to a Brazilian news programme. Suddenly, in the middle of the interview, a young man appeared. He tried to snatch the woman’s necklace. It was interesting that the woman was talking about increased crime in the area. The woman was not hurt, and the young man did not take the necklace. When the police showed up, the man was long gone. The Brazilian TV then showed other robberies on film. Most of the criminals were young and they had no weapons.	This is the moment a Brazilian news programme caught footage of a woman apparently being robbed on camera whilst giving an interview about increased crime in the area. Suddenly, in the middle of the interview on Wednesday, a young man appears in view and attempts to snatch the woman’s necklace. The TV Globo report went on to show other robberies their cameras caught in the area over the past week. This young man was also seen to be grabbing valuables through a bus window. TV Globo said most of the thieves shown were young and carried out the snatchings unarmed and in broad daylight . The woman was unharmed and the would-be-thief did not manage to get away with her jewellery. By the time police showed up after the attempted robbery, the man in question was long gone.
A truck driver is driving on a highway. Suddenly, the driver sees a small plane. The plane is flying above the highway. The plane lands on the highway. The driver is very surprised. Howie Guidry is the pilot of the plane. He has problems with the engine . He must make an emergency landing . However, the airport is far away. He cannot return to the airport. He remembers his teacher´s words. The pilot must find a big road. The plane lands safely on the highway. However, it is a dangerous situation. Guidry and his mechanic must quickly move the plane away. The situation ends well. Nobody gets hurt.	On Thursday morning, a truck driver was driving on a highway in Louisiana, US. Suddenly, the driver saw a small plane that flew only meters above the truck. He was shocked when the plane landed on the highway before the truck. The pilot, Howie Guidry, had problems with the engine. The plane was 2,000 feet above the ground when the engine stopped working. Guidry could not return to the airport, and there was no airport nearby.  Guidry had to make an emergency landing . He remembered the advice of his instructor to land on the biggest highway that he could find. When Guidry landed safely, his mechanic and he quickly pushed the plane off the highway.	On Thursday morning, a truck driver in Louisiana, US, got the shock of his life as a small airplane soared only meters above his vehicle to make an emergency landing. The driver said that he did not hear anything until the plane came into sight and that he could not believe what he saw. Dashcam footage captured the moment of the plane coming down on the busy highway. The pilot, Howie Guidry, experienced engine trouble at 2,000 feet and there was no airport nearby. Guidry knew that he could not manage to return to an airport, and he remembered his training instructor´s guidance to seek out the biggest highway available. After a safe landing, Guidry and a mechanic, who was flying with him, quickly pushed the plane off the highway. Luckily, no one was injured in the incident.
In Turku, Finland, a man is in a market square. He has a knife. He uses the knife to kill two people. He also injures eight people. Police shoot the man. They arrest him. Officials do not know why he attacks. They do not know if it is terrorist attack. They make Finland safer anyway.	In Turku, Finland, a man killed two people and injured eight. He stabbed them at a market square. Police shot the man and arrested him, and o fficials did not say if this was a terrorist attack. However, the government increased the country’s security.	In Turku, Finland, two people died and eight were injured during a stabbing attack at a market square. Police shot the attacker and arrested him. Officials have not yet said if terrorism motivated the attack, but the country’s interior minister increased security because of it.
The European Union has a visa-free travel program. It makes it easy for people to travel in the European Union. Ukraine joins the program. Now Ukrainians can travel to countries in the European Union. They can go for up to 90 days. However, they cannot do this with the UK and Ireland. They also cannot work in those countries. The presidents of Ukraine and Slovakia celebrate. They open a door that looks like a passport .	Ukraine joined the European Union’s visa -free travel program. Now Ukrainians can visit all countries within the European Union for up to 90 days. However, this does not include the UK and Ireland. Ukrainians do not have the right to work in those countries, either . To celebrate, the presidents of Ukraine and Slovakia shared a symbolic moment when they opened a door that looked like a passport. The Ukrainian president said that the country needed to be in the European Union after all of the progress that it made. People say that 30% more people are going to travel to Europe because of the program.	Ukraine celebrated its joining of the European Union’s visa-free travel program. Now Ukrainians can visit all countries within the European Union for up to 90 days, although this does not include the UK and Ireland and this does not give Ukrainians the right to work in those countries. To celebrate, the presidents of Ukraine and Slovakia shared a symbolic moment by opening a passport ‘door’. The Ukrainian president said that with all of the reforms that Ukraine has made, the country needs to be in the European Union, as it is a European country. Officials expect passenger traffic to rise 30% because of the new program.
It is December 2019. People in Wuhan, China, start to have health problems. They cannot breathe . A virus does this. A virus is a type of sickness. Scientists do not know about this virus. They call it the coronavirus. Health officials around the world know that something is happening in China. They do not worry too much. Then, people in Europe and the US get ill, too. People start to panic . The hospitals are full. Doctors do not know what to do. Officials do not know what to do. Many people die. Everything changes in December 2020. Scientists make three vaccines . The vaccines are the only way to stop the virus. Now, more people are in the hospitals. Most of them do not have the vaccine .	In December 2019, scientists found a mysterious virus in Wuhan, China. A virus is a type of illness. At that time, nobody knew that the COVID-19 pandemic had just started. Health officials did not worry too much because they did not think that the virus would move throughout the world. But in January 2020, COVID-19 made people sick in Europe and in the US. People started to panic , and it was very difficult to buy normal things like toilet paper. Scientists knew very little about the virus, and doctors did not know how to help people with it. Hospitals were full of COVID-19 patients, and many of them died. In December 2020, scientists created three vaccines, and the situation finally started to change. A vaccine is a medicine to help you fight an illness. There were several waves of people getting sick since 2019, and in many countries, there is a new wave now. Interestingly, the patients in hospitals now are mostly people who did not get a vaccine.	It’s been two years since patients in Wuhan, China, first began experiencing strange breathing problems. Nobody knew that it would be the start of a global illness which we now call COVID-19. It was late in 2019 that the world first heard of a mysterious virus identified in China; however, health officials weren’t too concerned. The number of people sick around the world grew quickly, and in January 2020, there were sick people in the US and in Europe. There were shortages for everything, and purchases of some things including toilet paper were limited. Then, fear and panic affected ordinary people and health care workers who thought they might get sick at work. Leaders around the world tried to learn what to do to stop the spread of the disease, and hospitals quickly filled up. It was not clear how to test for the virus nor how to treat it, and the mortality rate was really high. For two years, waves of the virus hit multiple peaks , with a big change in December 2020. At that time, scientists developed three vaccines, which was an amazing breakthrough in medical technology. Now, hospitals are experiencing yet another peak from mostly unvaccinated patients.
Twenty people are killed in Gaza. Palestinians are angry. They protest. They throw stones and set trees on fire. This happens close to an Israeli military base . The Israeli soldiers don’t like this. They attack the Palestinians with tear gas . Israel says that Islamists in Gaza have rockets. These rockets can hit Israel.	Young Palestinians fought with Israeli soldiers. The Palestinians threw stones and set trees on fire outside an Israeli military base. The Israeli soldiers responded with tear gas . The Palestinian protest came after at least 20 people deied across Gaza last Tuesday. Israel said that this may be just the start of a long offensive . Israel’s defence system shot down at least two rockets. Israel says that Hamas Islamists in Gaza have long-range rockets which can strike deep into Israel.	Young Palestinians have clashed with Israeli soldiers, who fired tear gas in response to stone throwing and setting fire to trees and tyres, outside an Israeli military base on Wednesday morning. Palestinian youths set up barricades across a road leading to the base, setting alight to tyres and other materials. The protest came after at least 20 people were killed across Gaza on Tuesday, by what Israel said may be just the start of a lengthy offensive against Islamist militants. At least two rockets fired from the Gaza Strip at Tel Aviv on Wednesday were shot down mid-air by Israel’s Iron Dome defence system. Israelis sitting in local cafes can be seen taking cover as air-raid sirens went off. Israel says that Hamas Islamists in Gaza have dozens of long-range rockets capable of striking deeper into Israel than ever before.
There is a special show at a zoo in the Philippines. It celebrates the Chinese New Year. The Chinese year of the rooster starts. There are roosters from all over the world at the show. Roosters originally come from wild roosters. Wild roosters live in the forest. There are not many in the forest now. The show can help people want to save the forest. At the show you can see roosters from Japan, England, America, Poland and China. There is also a special giant red rooster from France. He is 2.5 feet tall and weighs 15 pounds. He takes the crown . The show starts at the perfect time. It is the start of the celebrations of the year of the rooster.	A special exhibit started at a zoo in the Philippines. It celebrates the Chinese New Year.  The Chinese year of the rooster began. The special exhibit shows roosters from all over the world. The organisers of the show want to remind people that all roosters came from the wild jungle roosters who came from the forest. The organisers hope that the show will inspire people to save the remaining forests. At the exhibit, you can find our friends with feathers from Japan, England, America, Poland and China, just to name a few. There is also a special giant red rooster from France. He is two and a half feet tall and weighs 15 pounds, and he takes the crown ! This exhibition started at the perfect time. It is the beginning of the celebrations of the year of the rooster.	A special exhibit to celebrate Chinese New Year has been launched at a zoo in the Philippines. The world exhibit shows roosters from all over the world. The Chinese year of the rooster has just begun, and the organisers of this show want to remind people that all chickens and roosters originally came from the wild jungle chickens living in the forest. The organisers hope that the show will inspire people to save the remaining forests. At the exhibit you can find our friends with feathers from Japan, England, America, Poland and China, just to name a few. But nothing quite stands up to the giant red rooster from France. He is two and a half feet tall and weighs 15 pounds and he takes the crown . This exhibition has started at the perfect time, at the beginning of the year of the rooster celebrations.
People go to a car boot sale . They buy a diamond for £10. They think that it is just costume jewellery . This is back in the 1980s. Now, the people have the stone valued . They find out that it is a real diamond! It is 26.27 carats (5.3 grams) heavy. It goes on auction for around £350,000. The people are very happy.	People bought a white diamond at a car boot sale in England back in the 1980s. They thought that it was just costume jewellery because they bought it just for £10. However, they had the 26.27 carats (5.3 grams) stone valued recently. They found out that it was a real diamond, and that it is going on sale for around £350,000. The owners say that they are extremely excited.	In the 1980s, People bought a 26.27 carat (5.3 grams) white diamond stone at a car boot sale in England for a mere £10. For decades, they thought that it was just costume jewellery until they finally decided to have it valued. They were ‘ incredibly excited’ to find out that the stone was genuine and is expected to fetch £350,000 at auction in July.
The Russian Olympic team has problems. It is involved in doping scandals . One hundred Russian athletes cannot go to Rio. Only 287 Russian athletes go. However, Russia still does well at the Olympics. It finishes in fourth place. One hundred Russian athletes win a medal. The Russian Prime Minister thanks them. He also gives them BMWs.	Because of doping scandals, only 287 of 387 Russian athletes were allowed to compete in Rio. People banned the whole track and field team . However, Russia still managed to finish in an impressive fourth place. One hundred Russian Olympians who won a medal were thanked by the Russian Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev at the Kremlin. He also gave them a free BMW.	This is the smile of someone who’s just been given a free BMW – those of the Russian Olympic team who won a medal in Rio were all awarded the swanky car. At the Kremlin, Russian Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev thanked the National Olympic team in a pretty generous way. Some happy news for the team which has otherwise been blighted by doping scandals and the disqualification of the entire track and field team . The Prime Minister said that no matter how some were trying, they didn’t succeed in disrupting the Olympics for Russia. The team has proved to the entire world that the victories of our sport have nothing to do with doping or with some sin they try to label us with. Very convincing results were achieved with an honest and beautiful fight. And that beautiful fight resulted in 100 medallists receiving the cars. Despite only 285 of 387 Russian athletes being allowed to compete in the games, the team accumulated enough gold medals for them to finish in an impressive fourth place.
Russians celebrate Pancake Week every year. The warm, round pancake symbolises the sun. It welcomes spring. Russians eat the pancake with honey and jam. This holiday comes from an old religion. Now, Maslenitsa is a festival and national holiday . It celebrates the end of winter.	Russians celebrate Pancake Week every year. The warm, round pancake symbolises the sun, and people use it to welcome spring. They traditionally serve it with honey and jam. The holiday comes from an old religion, and now, Maslenitsa is a festival and national holiday. It marks the end of winter. People believe that the more people that join the celebration, the sooner spring will come.	Russians annually celebrate Pancake Week and the warm, round pancake symbolises the sun and people use it to welcome spring. They traditionally serve it with honey and jam. The holiday comes from an old religion, and Maslenitsa is now a festival and national holiday marking the end of winter. Some people believe that the more that people join the celebrations, the sooner spring will come.
A university professor has an egg. A bird emerges from the egg. He films the moment. The professor is Polish. He studies “blue tits”. The blue tit is a type of a bird. It is a small bird. It is blue and yellow. The professor wants to know more about mating of these birds.	A Polish university professor filmed the moment a small bird met the world for the first time. The video shows how the chick slowly comes out of its egg. The professor is part of a group of professors who study these birds. They want to understand their mating habits and the effects of hormones on the chicks. The type of this bird that they study is called the “blue tit”. It is a small bird with blue and yellow feathers.	A Polish university professor has captured the moment a tiny bird met the world for the first time. The video shows the blue tit  chick slowly emerging from its egg on the palm of his hand, on Gotland Island in Sweden last month. The bird spends a little while trying to fully detach itself from the egg shell, the professor at one point offering a helping hand. Shimon Drobniak is part of a group of professors who’ve been studying these birds up close since 2002. They want to understand the birds’ mating habits and see the effects of testosterone and stress hormones on chicks. After their birth, the chicks will be reared in incubators by the researchers to keep track of their progress.
Signal is an app . People have it in their phones. People can send messages and call with it. Signal is becoming very popular. Signal and WhatsApp are very similar. Many people use WhatsApp in the past. Now they are starting to use Signal. Brian Acton and Jan Koum make WhatsApp in 2009. They sell it to Facebook in 2014. They sell it for 22 billion dollars. It is an important business for Facebook. Facebook wants to make money from WhatsApp. Then Facebook needs information about WhatsApp users . It is a problem for Acton. He says that this information must be safe. Acton stops working for WhatsApp in 2017. He starts a new company. It is Signal Messenger. Signal does not have problems with information about users. The messages are safe, too. Only the person who gets a message can read it.	In 2009, Brian Acton and Jan Koum created a mobile app, WhatsApp. WhatsApp users could make free calls, video calls or send messages. In 2014, Facebook bought WhatsApp for 22 billion dollars, and it wanted to make money from it. Facebook wanted to make money from companies and advertisers , but it was necessary to get some information about WhatsApp users. Acton did not like this, and in 2017, he resigned from his job in WhatsApp. In 2018, Acton started a new company called Signal Messenger. It can do many similar things as WhatsApp, but it does not have problems with privacy . It is safe and nobody can read a message except the person who the message is for. Signal is becoming very popular and many WhatsApp users are starting to use Signal.	Signal is one of the most popular apps in the app stores around the world, as users look for alternatives to WhatsApp, following a change of its privacy policy . Signal looks a bit like WhatsApp and it functions similarly. You can text your friends, make video calls, or have group chats like with a lot of other apps; however, WhatsApp and Signal have some things in common. WhatsApp was created in 2009 by Brian Acton and Jan Koum, and it was sold to Facebook in 2014 in a 22-billion-dollar deal. Facebook´s leadership team had plans to monetize WhatsApp with tools for businesses and advertisers, and Acton got very unhappy with the security implications for users. In 2017, Acton resigned, and a year later, he founded a new company called Signal Messenger. Some people think of Signal as a spiritual  successor to WhatsApp. Besides this, messages that people send are encrypted which means that no one except the recipient can read them.
This news is about Iran and the USA. The USA says that the Iranian army is a terrorist organisation. This is the first time that the USA calls a country’s army ‘terrorists’. Trump says that this sends Iran a strong message. Iran says that this is ‘ inappropriate and idiotic ’. Iran says that it will react to this.	Last Monday, the USA officially called Iran’s army a foreign terrorist organisation. This is the first time that America called another country’s army ‘terrorists’. Trump said this sends Iran a message that its support for terrorism has serious effects. The American government was thinking of doing this for years. In 2007, it called a part of the Iranian army terrorists. This group operates internationally. Before the American government officially gave the news, Iranians said that this was ‘ inappropriate and idiotic’. They also promised to react.	The USA designated Iran’s army as a foreign terrorist organisation last Monday. This was the first time that America had given such a name to another country’s military. Trump said that the action sends a clear message to Tehran that its support for terrorism has serious consequences . The US government had been thinking of doing this for years. In 2007, it did so for an Iranian military group which operates internationally. Before the American government officially gave the news, Iranian lawmakers called it ‘ inappropriate and idiotic’ and promised to react.
Many countries in the world are starting to vaccinate people against COVID-19. A new idea is a vaccine passport . People want to travel. Now it is very difficult. People cannot travel as much as before the coronavirus. Some countries get money only from tourists. These countries want vaccine passports. When people have vaccine passports, they can travel. Not all people like vaccine passports. Some people get the vaccine. They can still spread the virus. It means that a person with a vaccine passport can spread the virus. Also, older people get the vaccine earlier than younger people. It means that older people can travel sooner. Young people do not like it.	More countries in the world are starting to vaccinate people against COVID-19, and some people would like to make vaccine passports . These passports would show that a person got the COVID-19 vaccine and that he could not spread the virus so easily. Many countries which depend on tourists are excited, and they would like to introduce vaccine passports. For businesses which suffered during the pandemic, a vaccine passport could be a big help. The problem is that tests showed that none of the COVID-19 vaccines was 100% effective . This means that some people who get the vaccine could still spread the virus. Another problem is that some countries started to vaccinate people months ago, but some countries are just starting. Also, older people got the vaccine earlier than younger people. Some people say that it is not fair that older people could travel because they would have the vaccine passport, but younger people could not.	The discussion of COVID-19 vaccine passports has risen as more of the world gets vaccinated. Vaccine passports are certificates or digital cards testifying to the apparent low-risk status to their holders. Greece is the most noticeable country in an effort to revive travel with the help of so-called vaccine passports that are gaining traction in tourist-reliant economies from the Caribbean to Thailand. Businesses that have suffered a yearlong battering from the pandemic are also coming as a route to salvation . Airlines have supported a number of tech solutions to verify passengers´ Covid vaccination or test results. However, none of the available shots is 100% effective which means that travelers with vaccine passports could possibly continue to spread the virus in crowded resorts. Questions are also surrounding the fairness of vaccine passports, which would favor richer nations over poorer ones where vaccination has only just begun. Also, the passports would open up travel to the elderly and middle-aged who have been prioritized for vaccination.
Archaeologists in Egypt find a statue. It is very old and very big. They move it at night when the roads are empty. It is of a torso. It weighs three tons. It is probably a statue of a very famous pharaohs in Egypt. Historians think that it is a statue of Ramses II. He rules Egypt for 60 years over 3000 years ago. They want to put the parts of the statue together at the Egyptian museum in Cairo. An Egyptian-German archaeological team discovers the statue.	Archaeologists in Egypt found an ancient statue. It is very big. They moved it at night. They did not want to be stopped by the daily traffic. It is a torso . It weights three tons. It is probably a statue of one of the most famous pharaohs in Egypt. Historians think that it is a statue of Ramses II. He ruled Egypt for 60 years over 3000 years ago. Historians will put the parts of the statue together and restore them at the Egyptian museum in Cairo. An Egyptian-German archaeological team discovered the statue.	People recently found an ancient statue in Egypt. It is so big that they had to move it at night to avoid the traffic. The three-ton torso is probably one of the most famous pharaohs in Egypt. Historians think that it is a statue of Ramses II, who ruled Egypt for 60 years over 3000 years ago. Historians will assemble the statue’s parts and restore them at the Egyptian museum in Cairo. An Egyptian-German archaeological team discovered the statue.
In Wales, people must stay at home. This is because of coronavirus. The streets are empty. Around 100 wild goats come to a town center. Wild goats are afraid of people. They do not usually come to towns. They come closer to people only when the weather is bad. Now, there are no people and cars in the streets. The goats come. They eat garden hedges and flowers. Local people are not happy. They call the police. The police try to get the goats together. The police do it. The goats go away. However, the next morning, the goats come back. They lay on lawns . They enjoy the sunny weather. People see that the goats are not dangerous. They let the goats stay.	Around 100 wild goats came to a town center of a Welsh town. The goats usually dare to come only when the weather is bad. However, currently, the streets are empty because Wales is on coronavirus lockdown. The animals took this opportunity , and they spent the past three days eating garden hedges and flowers. Local residents worried, and they called the police who tried to get the goats together. However, the next morning, the goats came back. They laid on lawns, and they enjoyed the sunshine. It was not dangerous because the streets were unusually quiet, so local residents decided not to disturb the goats.	A herd of over 100 goats have taken advantage of the coronavirus lockdown, and they invaded a deserted town center in Wales. Usually, the wild herd of Kashmiri goats only venture into Llandudno, a town in north Wales, during bad weather. Local residents say that this time, the opportunistic goats were drawn by empty streets. The animals have spent the past three days feasting on garden hedges and flowers. Concerned residents contacted local police to gather up the goats. However, it did not stop the goats from coming back, and they were spotted the next morning enjoying the sunshine. With the streets unnaturally quiet, the goats have been left to wander undisturbed.
Big countries are starting talks in Vienna, Austria. today. They speak about the nuclear  agreement with Iran. The United States want to sign this agreement again. Russia is happy that it is possible for the US to join the agreement again. President Trump stops the agreement with Iran in 2018. President Biden wants to join the agreement again.	World powers are starting talks in Vienna, Austria, today. They want to bring the United States back into the nuclear agreement with Iran. Iran’s foreign minister claimed that Russia tried to stop the agreement, but Russia didn’t comment on this information. Russia is hopeful that it will be possible for the US to join the agreement again. President Trump stopped the agreement with Iran in 2018. President Biden wants the US to join the agreement again.	World powers are resuming talks in Vienna today. They want to bring the United States back into the nuclear deal with Iran. It’s the first meeting since comments surfaced from Iran’s foreign minister claiming that Russia once tried to dismantle the pact. Russia isn’t commenting on the allegations , and it is optimistic about the possibility of getting the US to rejoin . President Biden wants the US to rejoin the agreement that President Trump pulled the US from in 2018.
15 wild elephants in southwestern China leave the place where they usually live. They travel more than 500 kilometers. Local authorities watch the animals. They keep the elephants away from people. The animals look healthy. They do not hurt anyone. They walk through fields. They destroy crops . The damage is more than 1 million dollars. 17 wild elephants are stranded in another part of China. They cannot go across a river. Too much water is in the river in summer. The elephants go to a special place. Farmers keep crops there. They care for them they make them grow better. The elephants destroy some special plants.	15 elephants travelled about 500 kilometers through southwestern China. Local authorities tried to keep the animals away from places where people lived. It seemed from photos and videos that the animals were healthy. They did not hurt anyone, but they did serious damage. The elephants wandered through fields and villages, and they destroyed crops. In another part of China, 17 elephants were stranded when they could not cross a river. Before that, they broke into a place where farmers kept more than 130,000 types of plants. More than 1,300 plants were very special, and farmers needed to protect them.	A wandering herd of 15 elephants has been journeying in southwestern China´s province, as local authorities try to keep them away from populated areas. The elephants entered a rural suburb on Wednesday night after traveling 500 kilometers, and they haven´t left the area since. The animals look in good health and they have been seen roaming through farmland and villages. They haven´t harmed anyone; however, according to the media, they have damaged or destroyed crops worth more than 1 million dollars. Local authorities have sent more than 630 people, 100 vehicles, and 14 drones to watch the animals. Meanwhile, another herd of 17 wild elephants has been reported in a south province. They are stranded there, unable to cross the river and leave due to the rising water level in the summer. The animals broke into a crop protection and cultivation base, and more than 130,000 types of plants, including 1,350 endangered species, are at risk of being destroyed.
Loch Ness is a lake in Scotland. People say that a monster lives in the lake. They call the monster Nessie. Many tourists visit the lake. They hope to see Nessie. Nobody knows if Nessie is real. Scientists want to know. They want to take 300 water samples . They filter organic material from the water. From the organic material, they get DNA . They study the DNA. They compare it with other DNA.	For centuries, people talked about a water monster in Loch Ness, which is a lake in Scotland. People call the monster Nessie, and many tourists visit this lake because of the monster. Scientists are now hoping to find out if Nessie is real, but they will not be swimming in the lake to find it. They are going to take 300 water samples and filter organic material from the samples. They will extract and analyse the DNA from the material. They will compare it with DNA databases around the world.	For centuries, the legend of a prehistoric monster living in Loch Ness, which is a lake in Scotland, has captured people’s imagination. Supposed sightings of the creature called Nessie increased over the past century with the invention of photography, and many tourists are attracted to the shores every year by the prospect of an encounter . Now, scientists are hoping to settle the question of Nessie’s existence by analysing 300 water samples. Professor Neil Gemmell from Ottago University explained that people are going to take water samples from the lake, filter the water to extract organic material in it, and use the material to extract DNA. They will then compare the DNA sequences with other things in databases around the world.
This story is about two grandmothers. They achieve their dream. They fly in a hot air balloon. It is their first ride . The ladies worry. They think that they are very heavy for the balloon. One woman worries about the fire. She thinks that her hair might catch fire but she relaxes after some time. She enjoys the view . The hot air balloon is a great experience for the grandmothers. They say that it makes them feel younger.	Two brave grandmas achieved their dream. They took on their first ever hot air balloon ride. The ladies worried. They thought that they might be too heavy for the basket . One of the women was afraid that her hair might catch fire, but she soon relaxed and enjoyed the view. The grandmothers said that the experience made them feel 10 years younger. However, the landing wasn’t very smooth .	Daredevil grandmas An and Ria have achieved their dream of taking on their first ever hot air balloon ride. Despite being scared they might have been too heavy for the basket, the Dutch grandmothers said the experience made them feel 10 years younger. And after threatening to speak to the pilot over fears her hair might catch fire, An soon relaxed and enjoyed the view. But when it came to landing, it wasn’t quite the smooth ride that they were expecting.
Around 350,000 people live in Iceland. It is a small nation . It is the smallest nation to qualify for the FIFA World Cup. One defender talks about life in Iceland. He says that he has a normal job. He works and then goes to training. This is normal for other players, too. He thinks that it is great that Iceland is at FIFA. He thinks that it can be inspiring . It can inspire people to do what they love.	Iceland’s population is around 350,000 people, and it is the smallest nation ever to qualify for the FIFA World Cup. One defender for the Icelandic national team told the media that it is normal for players to have a normal job in Iceland. He works as a salt packer in a Reykjavik warehouse and then goes to training after work. On the other hand, he said that going to a World Cup is very special for Iceland because the nation is so small. He thinks that this can be inspiring for people to see and make them pursue their dreams .	Iceland’s population is around 350,000 and it is the smallest nation ever to qualify for the FIFA World Cup. Birkir Saevarsson, defender for the national team, told the media that it is normal in Iceland for the players to have a normal job and then go to training. The 33-year-old player works as a salt packer in a Reykjavik warehouse. On the contrary, Saevarsson said that going to a World Cup is extraordinary and can be an encouragement for people to pursue their dreams, as it is possible for players from such a small nation to go to the World Cup.
There is a terrorist attack on a hotel. The hotel is in Somalia. First, a car drives into the hotel. The car is full of explosives . The car explodes. Then men with guns come into the hotel. They start shooting. Twenty-six people die. Fifty-six people are injured . Two of the dead are American. One of the dead is a Somali-Canadian journalist. All of this happens on Friday 12th. The extremist group al-Shabab claims responsibility for the attacks.	In Somalia, a car full of explosives rammed into a hotel. Then gunmen ran into the building and started shooting. More than 26 people died, and 56 were injured. Two of the people who died were Americans, and one person was a well-known Somali-Canadian journalist. The attack took place on Friday 12 th , and the extremist group al-Shabab claimed responsibility .	At least 26 people died and 56 were injured in a terror attack on a hotel in Somalia on Friday 12th. People reported that a suicide bomber rammed into the hotel with a car packed with explosives, and then gunmen ran into the building and opened fire. Two Americans and a prominent Somali-Canadian journalist were among those killed in the attack. The extremist group al-Shabab claimed responsibility for the killings.
Someone takes a video in China. The video shows a tiger. It eats a cow. The tiger is a Siberian tiger. It is a wild animal. Siberian tigers are endangered . Fewer than 500 are left in the wild . China protects these animals. The video is a good thing. Experts think that there are more and more tigers.	Someone released a video from China. This person took the video near a pasture with a special camera. The video shows a wild Siberian tiger which is eating an ox . Wild Siberian tigers are protected by China’s government. People believe that there are fewer than 500 in the wild. Experts think that the video shows that the number of tigers is increasing .	This video footage released by China’s Jilin Forestry Department shows a wild Siberian tiger feeding on an ox . On Tuesday, the day marking Global Tiger Day, the tiger was caught using a far-infrared camera. It is the first time that China has caught the moment of a wild Siberian tiger feeding on its prey . The feeding happened near a pasture and the Hunchun National Siberian Tiger Nature Reserve in China’s Hunchun City. Wildlife experts believe that the video shows the population of wild Siberian tigers is increasing and the species’ range of activity is expanding. Wild Siberian tigers are the first-class nationally-protected animals. Fewer than 500 are believed to survive in the wild, with an estimated 18 to 22 in the Heilongjiang and Jilin provinces in China.
In western Australia, 46,000 years ago, aboriginal people make rock shelters. Rock shelters are homes in the rocks. People live in these shelters for a very long time. The shelters are famous. In May 2020, a mining company talks to the owners of the shelters. The company does not listen to them. It makes a mine in the place. It destroys the shelters. Many people are angry. One of the leaders talks from an aboriginal group. He is sad. He also says that the company and the group need to work together. He does not want this to happen again. The company is in trouble. The boss and some leaders lose their jobs.	There was a place in western Australia with 46,000-year-old rock shelters made by aboriginals . In May 2020, an iron company destroyed these rock shelters to make a mine after ignoring the aboriginal owners. This upset people because the shelters had some of the oldest and continuous human habitations . One of the members of an aboriginal group said that people and the company needed to work together. He said that the group was comfortable with mining, but it wanted to be part of the decisions in the future and to stop this from happening again. As a consequence , the company’s boss and some leaders lost their jobs, and some leaders did not get any extra pay.	Juukan Gorge is a place in western Australia that contained 46,000-year-old aboriginal rock shelters. In May 2020, Rio Tinto, an iron company, destroyed these shelters to make a mine after not listening to the traditional owners. There was a public protest, as the shelters contained some of the oldest and continuous human habitations . Burchell Hayes from an aboriginal organization says that they all needed to work together. He says that the group is not opposed to mining, but they all want to be  around the table when it comes to making decisions about the impact on their country. They’re not going to let this to happen again. He also says that no amount of money will ever replace what was lost. In a backlash , four of Rio Tinto’s executives lost their jobs from the incident, and company owners did not give other executives extra pay.
French scientists find out that dogs can smell the coronavirus. The result is very good. Dogs are better than some of the simple COVID-19 tests. The tests are good when somebody is healthy. Sometimes, they do not always find out that somebody is ill. Dogs smell the coronavirus in people´s sweat . They are almost always right. Dogs can help ill people in airports and other crowded places. It is fast and cheap. People do not need to undergo unpleasant tests.	French scientists found out that dogs could detect the coronavirus. It seems that dogs can sniff COVID-19 in people´s sweat . Dogs could sniff COVID-19 in 97% of people who were COVID-19 positive, and in 91% of people who were COVID-19 negative. It means that they were more successful than some tests. The usual 15-minute tests, which people can do at home, can tell if somebody is healthy, but they are not so good at detecting the coronavirus. The results mean that people could use dogs in airports, train stations, or other crowded places. It could be much faster than testing people and it would also cost less money.	A study showed that dogs are able to detect COVID-19 in human sweat with stunning accuracy, paving the way for the broader use of sniffing dogs in a global effort to contain the pandemic. The dogs’ detection reached 97% sensitivity in the French study, which rates the dogs´ ability to identify positive samples. In the case of identifying negative samples, the rate was 91%. The sensitivity rating is more successful than that of many 15-minute antigen tests which tend to be better at ruling out infection than finding it. The results mean that virus-sniffing dogs could be more widely deployed in airports, train stations, or wherever crowds gather as a way to screen people, much like dogs are used for detecting drugs or bombs. Using dogs also means that COVID-19 could be identified at just a fraction of a second in a non-invasive manner and at a low cost.
This news is from Argentina. There is an ice river. It is 29 kilometres long. It is a big tourist attraction . There are 200 glaciers . The only place that has more ice is Antarctica. One of the glaciers is especially interesting. It sheds ice every four years. It is quite a show. Many people come to watch it.	The White Giant is one of Argentina’s biggest tourist attractions. It is a 29-kilometre long river of ice. It is home to more than 200 glaciers , and it is the largest continental ice extension in the world after Antarctica. There is a glacier which sheds ice about every four years, and large numbers of people come to watch the show. Around 4 thousand people recently watched the roof of an ice tunnel fall. It was quite something.	Argentina’s Glaciers National Park is home to more than 200 glaciers and according to the park’s website, is the largest continental ice extension in the world after Antarctica. In March 2016, as many as 4,500 people witnessed the collapse of an ice tunnel on the 29-kilometre river of ice known as the White Giant. The river is the country’s biggest tourist attraction and large numbers of locals and visitors come to catch a glimpse of the spectacle when the glacier sheds ice roughly every four years.
The lives of Syrian Kurds change. The US army leaves. Other armies want to go to the country. Syria is not a safe place to live. Many Syrian Kurds decide to leave. They escape to Iraq. There is a big camp for people from Syria there. The problem is that the border is closed between Syria and Iraq. It is not legal to come to Iraq. Syrian people spend a lot of money to get to the camp. However, life in the camp is very difficult. People get a tent and some food when they come. They do not get much food after some days. There are some organizations to help. However, they do not help very much.	The US army is leaving Syria. This is very bad news for people in Syria because Turkish, Russian, and Syrian troops want to move into this area. Life in Syria can be dangerous for Syrian Kurds, so they decide to escape and go to a camp in northern Iraq. However, the Syrian-Iraqi border is closed to them. They spend all their money to get to the camp illegally. When they come, they get a tent and some food. The food lasts them only a few days, and the organizations in the camp do not help them very much.	The US president Donald Trump announced that the US troops will leave northern Syria. There are Turkish, Russian, and Syrian forces who want to move to this area. For the Syrian Kurds, this is a life-threatening situation and many of them decide to flee from Syria. They want to get to a refugee camp in northern Iraq. It is very difficult to get to the camp because the Syrian-Iraqi border is closed to refugees. This means that they must get to the camp illegally, and they usually spend all the money that they had. When they arrive, they get a tent and food for several days. However, there is only limited help from organizations which operate in the camp.
This news is about a stunt . Two wingsuit flyers do the stunt. They jump from a mountain in Switzerland. A plane flies around the mountain. Its door is open. The two men fly into the plane.	Two professional French wingsuit flyers jumped from the mountain Jungfrau in Switzerland. They flew and then boarded a plane in mid-air . The two daredevils said that this was ‘the most intense project of their career’. Before the stunt , they did around 100 practice flights.	Two professional French wingsuit flyers, Fred Fugen and Vince Reffet, jumped from the summit of Jungfrau in Switzerland and attempted to board a plane in mid-air. The incredible feat marked the 20th anniversary of a similar stunt by daredevil Patrick de Gayardon. Around 100 practice flights in the Alps preceded the stunt. To everyone’s relief, the stunt, which the pair described as ‘the most intense project of their career’ was successful. On video, it looked like a scene from a Hollywood film rather than something real.
Last year, a plane goes down. It happens in Malaysia. It is a Boeing 737 Max-8. It goes down shortly after take-off . Now, another Boeing 737 Max-8 goes down. This time it is in Africa. It takes off in Ethiopia. It wants to fly to Kenya. It crashes 6 minutes after take-off. All 157 people on board die. People do not why this happens. They are investigating . Forty countries stop all Boeings 737 Max-8.	Last Sunday, a plane from Addis Ababa (the capital of Ethiopia) to Nairobi (the capital of Kenya) went down. Contact with the plane was lost shortly after take-off. A total of 157 people were on board – 8 crew and 149 passengers of more than 30 nationalities. No one survived the crash. We do not know what caused the plane to go down. For example, the weather was clear. Authorities are investigating the crash. This crash is similar to another crash in the Java Sea last year. Both planes in both crashes were Boeings 737 Max-8, and both crashed shortly after take-off. At least 40 countries, including all EU countries, China, India and Ethiopia suspended flights of the Boeing 737 Max-8.	Last Sunday, Ethiopian Airlines flight ET302 went down shortly after take-off when it left from Addis Ababa (the capital of Ethiopia) to Nairobi (the capital of Kenya). The airline said that the pilot reported difficulties and asked to return to Addis Ababa before the crash. A total of 157 people were on board – 8 crew and 149 passengers of more than 30 nationalities. No one survived the crash. It is not yet clear what caused the Ethiopian Airlines plane to go down in clear weather but an investigation has begun. The following day after the crash, the airline announced that flight records were found. The tragedy is similar to Lion Air flight that crashed in the Java Sea last year. Both airliners were Boeing 737 Max-8 planes, and both crashed shortly after take-off. At least 40 countries, including all EU member states, China, India and Ethiopia have suspended flights of the -Boeing 737 Max-8 due to safety concerns.
Many people in the world protest against racism . Protests are very stressful. Protesters go to many protests. They are tired. They feel that their work does not end. People who watch protests on TV can have problems, too. People can start to eat or drink more. Some people have problems going to sleep. Some people can feel sad. Sometimes, protests are calm. However, sometimes the situation gets worse. People can be violent. Sometimes, police shoot at protesters. People are angry or hurt. It is not easy to deal with a terrible event. Protesters need to look after their mental health . It is good to meditate or to go to a doctor. Some people like to write in a journal . They write what they do every day. They write how they feel.	Protests are very stressful for both protesters and people who watch the protests on TV. People can eat or drink more, they can feel sad, or they can have problems going to sleep. Experts warn that protesters can have health problems a long time after the protest ends. People who protest against racism are physically and mentally tired. These people go to many protests, and they feel that their work never ends. Some protests can be calm; however, sometimes, the situation gets serious. Police shoot at protesters, and there is a lot of violence. It is not easy to process anger and pain. Experts say that protesters need to look after their mental health. It is good to meditate , go to a psychologist, or write in a journal .	Experts say that binging , depression, insomnia , and increased blood pressure may occur among people, and it does not matter if people are at protests or if they watch them online or on TV. Psychologists are warning that the mental drain on the people who are protesting against racism can last long after the protest is over. Even a peaceful protest might be psychologically draining when the situation escalates , and police are pointing guns at individuals. A professor at the University of Kentucky said that people who are engaged in protests or activism movements are constantly tired both physically and emotionally because their work does not end. Experts recommend activities that can help protesters manage their mental health and process anger and pain, such as meditation, therapy, or journaling .
Derek Chauvin is a police officer in Minneapolis, Minnesota, US. Chauvin and three other police officers arrest a black man in May 2020. The man´s name is George Floyd. Chauvin puts his knee on Floyd´s neck. He does it for more than nine minutes. Floyd cannot breathe. He dies in hospital one hour later. People in all the world protest. They protest against the racism and police violence . Chauvin goes to court last week. Police charge him with murder . He does not plan the murder. He can go to prison for 40 years. The other three police officers will go to court in August.	In May 2020, Derek Chauvin and three other Minneapolis, Minnesota police officers arrested George Floyd. Derek Chauvin kneeled on Floyd´s neck for more than nine minutes, and later, Floyd died in hospital. The trial with Derek Chauvin started last week and it will continue until the end of April. Millions of people will watch the trial because many people see it as a test of the US legal system. After Floyd´s death, thousands of people around the world protested against police brutality and racism because Floyd was black. The trial with the three other police officers will take place in August. They face charges with helping and assisting a second-degree murder .	The trial is underway with a former Minneapolis, police officer, Derek Chauvin, who is charged in George Floyd´s death. Derek Chauvin was filmed kneeling on Floyd´s neck for about nine minutes, and he is charged with three offences over Floyd´s death in May 2020. Three other police officers who assisted the arrest of George Floyd are set to go on trial in August on aiding and abetting charges. George Floyd´s death sparked wave of outrage and activism across the globe, and many people see the trial as a test of the US legal system´s handling of racial injustice. Floyd´s family agreed to a 27-million-dollar civil settlement with the city of Minneapolis in March. The trial is expected to finish by mid to late April, and it will be watched by millions of people across the globe.
There are around 400 bears in Ukraine. Around 200 live in the wild , and 200 live in captivity . The bears in captivity often live in terrible conditions . They can live at restaurants, hotels, mobile zoos, or circuses. They can be used to train dogs, too. An animal charity tries to help these bears. There is also a sanctuary for them in Ukraine. It helps the bears.	There are around 200 bears in the wild in Ukraine, and around 200 bears live in captivity . They often live in terrible conditions. Bears in Ukraine are often also trapped . The bears in captivity live at hunting stations, restaurants, hotels, mobile zoos, circuses, or are used to train hunting dogs. An international animal charity saved one bear that spent 9 months in a cage. There is also a sanctuary which helps the bears. People sometimes contact the sanctuary when they see a bear which needs help.	A bear sanctuary in Ukraine is providing a safe haven for bears which were abused in captivity. An animal behaviourist said that they show a lot of stereotypic behaviour like pacing or tossing the head around, which means that they suffered from a stressful situation or are still in distress. There are cylinders filled with food in the bear enclosure , which help mentally stimulate the bears and reduce their stress. Brown bears are often illegally trapped in Ukraine and kept in terrible conditions. An international animal charity, named Four Paws, rescued Potap the bear who spent 9 months locked in a cage. A person from the sanctuary said that there are around 200 bears left in the wild in Ukraine and 200 more in captivity. Those live at hunting stations, restaurants, hotels, mobile zoos, circuses, or are used to train hunting dogs. Sometimes, concerned citizens contact the sanctuary when they see a suffering bear and ask the institution for help. People plan that the sanctuary will triple its size to house more of the animals in need.
Prince Harry and his wife Meghan do not want to be a part of the royal family . They decide to leave the UK. They want to live in Canada. They stop their work for the Queen Elizabeth. This happens on March 31. Many things change. Harry and Meghan have security . Security keeps them safe. Last year, they spend 6 weeks in Canada. Canadian police cooperate with UK police. Canadian police give them security. Many Canadian people are not happy. They do not want to spend their money on Harry and Meghan´s security. They are happy that the security stops soon. Harry and Meghan are important people. In the UK, they have security in the future.	Prince Harry and his wife Meghan decided to step  back from the royal family. They will stop their work for the Queen, and this will happen on March 31. It will be a big change for the couple. They will lose security that they get from the Canadian government. The Canadian police cooperate with the UK police. They gave Harry and Meghan security during their holiday in Canada last year. 75% of Canadians do not want to use public money for Harry and Meghan´s security. It is good news for them that this will stop. Harry and Meghan will continue to be internationally protected  people . When they visit the UK, they will get security.	Prince Harry and his wife Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, will lose security provided by the Canadian government. This change is caused by the couple´s decision to step back from their royal duties that will officially happen on March 31. Canadian police have been assisting UK police with Harry and Meghan´s security since their six-week holiday break in Canada last year. However, this will change once the couple stops their official duties for the Queen. A poll conducted in January found out that nearly 75% of Canadians believed that taxpa yer money should not be used to pay for the couple´s security. Harry and Meghan will continue to be classified as internationally protected people. This means that they will be provided armed security when they are in the UK.
People are unhappy with their leaders in Brazil. The country has problems. It has a bad recession happen. This recession stops recently. The 2018 Rio Carnival parade happens in Brazil. This year, there is an anti-establishment tone . One dancer also says that the country still has slavery .	The 2018 parade at the Rio Carnival in Brazil had an anti-establishment tone . Brazil has just come out of one of its worst recessions . A dancer also said that the country still has problems with slavery, but the dancers want to share this message with joy and the support of the people.	The 2018 Champion’s parade at the Rio Carnival in Brazil had an anti-establishment tone as the country is in the midst of problems. It has just come out of one of its worst recessions in modern times. One Samba dancer also said that the country is still struggling against slavery, but the dancers want to share this message with joy and the community’s support.
Youssef Abu Amira comes from Gaza, Palestine. Youssef is born without legs. His arms are not complete . This does not stop Youssef. Youssef finishes university. Now, he is starting a new hobby. He does karate. Karate is a Japanese sport. It is a type of fighting. You hit and kick another person. Youssef is good at karate. He can hit another person very hard. Youssef´s dream is to do karate with people from all over the world. He says that it is important to have dreams . He says that people can do anything if they really want to. Nothing can stop them.	Youssef Abu Amira comes from Gaza, Palestine, and he recently got a law degree. There is also something special about him. Youssef was born without legs, and his arms did not develop fully. Youssef is a strong man, and his disability never stopped him from achieving his dreams. Youssef loves life and he wants to be happy. He took up a new hobby and he started to do karate. Karate is a Japanese martial art in which two people punch and kick each other. Youssef can punch very hard, and his dream is to compete with other sportsmen on an international level.	Youssef Abu Amira is a Palestinian law school graduate who was born without legs and with only partially developed arms. He says that his belief in God and satisfaction with himself helped him persevere in his situation. However, he never let disabilities hold him back, and he has taken up a new challenge, karate. Youssef says that he has enough perseverance , determination , and ability to challenge the situation that he is in. He loves life and he wants to live. Karate is a Japanese art of self-defense, employing hand strikes and kicks to disable an opponent. Youssef delivers strong punches, and his dream is to take part in international competitions.
In Japan, a theme park named Space World makes an ice rink. It puts 5,000 real dead fish inside the ice. The park wants to teach people about ocean animals. The fish are frozen in designs. There are 25 types of fish. People are very angry. They say that the ice rink is terrible. They boycott the park. Space World is going to take out the ice rink. It is going to hold a service for the dead fish.	In Japan, a theme park named Space World opened an ice rink that had 5,000 real dead fish inside the ice. Space World said that it wanted to educate visitors about ocean animals. The fish were frozen in formations and designs and there were 25 different types of fish inside the 250-metre long ice rink. Space World wanted visitors but instead received criticism, as many people condemned the ice rink and boycotted the park. Space World is going to replace the ice and hold a service for the dead fish.	In Japan, people at a theme park called Space World opened an ice rink with 5,000 real dead fish inside the ice. The company said that it made this display with formations and designs to educate visitors to the park about marine life. People reported that the animals were already dead before they were frozen into the display. Featuring 25 different types of frozen fish in the 250-metre long rink, Space World wanted to bring in visitors but instead received criticism. Many people were offended and condemned the decision, even saying that it was “an insult to life”. After a wave of public  backlash and boycotts of the park, the park closed the rink due to the “ fishy business “. Space World will replace the ice and hold a mass for the deceased fish.
The Chinese President Xi Jingping visits the United Kingdom. The visit is successful. However, the Queen talks to someone. This is a private conversation. Someone films it. They talk about the visit. The Queen says that the Chinese are “very rude ”. This comes just hours after another gaffe . Prime Minister David Cameron talks to the Queen. He says that Afghanistan and Nigeria are “fantastically corrupt “.	The Chinese President Xi Jingping visited the United Kingdom. People called the visit a great boost to UK-China relations, but later, people heard the Queen saying that the Chinese officials were “very rude”. Her comments came just hours after Prime Minister David Cameron told the Queen that Afghanistan and Nigeria were “fantastically corrupt”. Buckingham Palace said that it does not comment on the Queen’s private conversations, but added that the Chinese state visit was extremely successful.	“Can I present Commander Lucy D’Orsi, Gold Commander during the Chinese State visit?” “Oh, bad luck.” It was hailed at the time as a milestone visit, a great boost to UK-China relations, but yesterday the Queen revealed a different side to the state visit of Chinese President Xi Jingping. In what has been seen as uncharacteristically unguarded comments made to a senior police officer, the Queen described Chinese officials as “very rude”. “I’m not sure whether you knew, but it was quite a testing time for me.” “I did.” “I think at the point that they walked out of Lancaster House and told me that the trip was off, I felt that…” “Yes, they were very rude to the ambassador, weren’t they?” “They were. Well, Barbara, she was with me and they walked out on both of us.” “Extraordinary.” “I know, it’s unbelievable.” “It was very rude and very undiplomatic , I thought.” Her candid comments came just hours after Prime Minister David Cameron was involved in a diplomatic gaffe of his own, telling the Queen that Afghanistan and Nigeria were “fantastically corrupt”. “No, Nigeria and Afghanistan, possibly the two most corrupt countries in the world.” Buckingham Palace said it does not comment on the Queen’s private conversations but added that the Chinese state visit was extremely successful.
This news is from Caracas, Venezuela. It is the capital. There is a parade . The Venezuelan president is there. His name is Nicolas Maduro. He is talking at the parade. A drone flies towards him. It carries a bomb. It explodes. The president just watches. He does not look scared. Nothing happens to him.	In Caracas, the Venezuelan capital, there was a parade . President Nicolas Maduro was there and gave a speech. As he was talking, a drone loaded with explosives flew towards him and exploded. Someone filmed the moment on live TV. Security reacted quickly and tried to protect the president, but Maduro did not look very shocked. People are debating who carried out the attack.	The Venezuelan President, Nicolas Maduro, was giving a speech in Caracas at a parade when a drone loaded with explosives flew towards him and exploded on live TV. Security guards reacted quickly and tried to protect him before leading him to safety. Maduro himself did not seem shocked and looked on as the incident unfolded . Later in an aired speech, he said that his first reaction was of observation and serenity because he has full confidence in the people and the armed forces. Details of the incident and who is responsible is currently being widely debated.
The Portuguese and Spanish police work together. They run an anti-drug operation. In 9 months, they arrest 9 people. Pineapples come from South America. They come to Portugal and Spain. Not everything, however, is pineapples. Some are cylinders with pineapple skins. There is cocaine in the cylinders.	Police in Portugal and Spain seized 745 kilograms of cocaine from South America. People hid the cocaine inside wax cylinders in pineapple skins, so the cylinders looked like pineapples. The joint Spanish-Portuguese operation began in April last year. Since then, the police have arrested nine people.	Police in Portugal and Spain seized 745 kilograms of cocaine hidden inside wax cylinders in pineapple skins among fresh pineapples. The shipment came from South America. The joint Spanish-Portuguese operation, which began in April last year, has led to nine arrests, as well.
A truck comes from Belgium to England. Police find 39 people inside the truck. All of the people are dead. They are Chinese. A young man drives the truck. He is now with the police. He cannot leave. It is a very complicated situation. The police need a lot of time to solve it. They do not have information about the dead people. The British Prime Minister says that this is a horrible case . The police work very hard. It is the biggest case for them. Chinese officials and Belgian police help, too.	Police found 39 dead people in a truck in England. All of the people were Chinese, and some were men and some were women. The driver of the truck was 25 years old, and the police arrested him. The police need time to find out who the dead people were. They also want to know what happened to them. The Belgian police help the English police because it seemed that the truck came from Belgium. This is the biggest case for local English police in their history. They work hard to solve this crime. The British Prime Minister said that this case is shocking .	39 Chinese people were found dead in a truck in Essex, southeast England. The police said that 31 of them were men and 8 were women. It will take some time to find out who the people were and why they died. Belgium helped with the investigation because the police thought that the truck came to England from Belgium. The driver was a 25-year-old man. The police arrested him and he is in custody . The British Prime Minister is shocked by what happened. He said that police were working hard to find out what exactly happened. The Essex police said that it was the largest investigation in its history.
It is very dry in Somalia. More than a hundred people die during 48 hours. It is a national disaster . The United Nations thinks that 5 million people need help. Many people can die because they have no food. Thousands of people come to Somalia’s capital. The prime minister of Somalia says that it is very dry in many parts of the country. Many people have problems. It is not the first time. The country is very weak right now.	There is a big drought in Somalia. More than a hundred people died during 48 hours. The government called the situation a national disaster . The United Nations thinks that 5 million people need help. Many people can die because they have no food. Thousands of people arrived in Somalia’s capital. There were too many. The prime minister of Somalia said that the big drought is now in many areas of the country. The drought affects half of the population. There were droughts before. The droughts, together with conflicts, left the country weak.	Over one hundred people died in Somalia within 48 hours because of a big drought . The government called the situation a national disaster. The United Nations estimates that 5 million people need help and it warns of famine . Thousands of people arrived in Somalia’s capital. There were too many. The prime minister of Somalia said that the big drought is now in many areas of the country. The drought affects half of the population. The previous droughts and a decade of conflict have left the country fragile .
Jean-Michel Basquiat was an American street artist. He has an exhibition in London. It opens on Wednesday 20th at an arts centre. Banksy is an English graffiti artist. He makes two new murals near the arts centre. One mural shows Basquiat. Two police officers are searching him. An art critic talks about the mural. The mural shows that it is still difficult to be a black person on the streets.	An exhibition of works by Jean-Michel Basquiat, who was an American street artist, opened in London on Wednesday 20th. Before the opening, two new murals by Banksy appeared near the arts centre. One is an image of Basquiat who police stopped and are searching him. An art critic explained that Banksy is saying that it is still difficult to be a black person on the streets. The second mural is a picture of a Ferris wheel , which has crowns for cars.	Two new Banksy murals appeared in London ahead of an exhibition of works by the late American artist Jean-Michel Basquiat. One is an image of Basquiat being stopped and searched by two Metropolitan Police officers. Estelle Lovatt, an art critic, explained that Banksy is saying that it is still difficult to be a black person on the streets. The second mural, also located near the arts centre, is a picture of a Ferris wheel with what appears to be crowns for cars. Basquiat’s exhibition entitled ‘Basquiat: Boom for Real’ opened at the Barbican Centre on Wednesday 20th.
Police in the Netherlands arrest seven people. They suspect that they are terrorists. The suspects are aged between 21 and 34. The police say that they stop a big terrorist attack by arresting them.	Police in the Netherlands say that they prevented a major terrorist attack when they arrested seven suspects aged between 21 and 34. They say that the terrorists wanted to hit an event of a lot of people.	Police in the Netherlands say that they have foiled an attempt to commit a major terrorist attack when they arrested seven suspects aged between 21 and 34. Intelligence services say that the ringleader wanted to hit a large event ‘with lots of victims’, planning to use assault rifles , grenades and a car bomb.
NASA´s rover lands on Mars on February 18, 2021. A rover is a special car. It travels on the moon or Mars. The rover does not travel alone to Mars. It carries a small helicopter, too. Landing on Mars is not easy. The helicopter is on the rover´s bottom part. A special metal thing keeps it safe during the landing. Mars has different gravity and atmosphere than Earth. The helicopter must be small and light. The rover and the helicopter need special heating, too. It can be up to minus 90 degrees on Mars at night. Some electrical parts can freeze or break. The rover is taking the helicopter to a special place. The helicopter will fly from there. The first flight will be 31 days long. It will be the first flight on another planet.	NASA´s Perseverance rover landed on Mars on February 18, 2021. It carried a helicopter that was at the bottom of the rover. A special metal cover kept the helicopter safe during the landing. Currently, the rover is on its way to a place where the helicopter will try to fly for the first time. Nothing that people ever made has flown on another planet before. It was not easy to make an aircraft that could fly on Mars. Mars has different gravity and atmosphere, too. It means that the helicopter must be very small and light. Also, it gets very cold on Mars at night, and both the rover and the helicopter must have special heating. It protects electrical parts from freezing and breaking. On April 8, the helicopter will make the first attempt to fly. If it is successful, it can change the way that people explore Mars.	On April 8, 2021, NASA is targeting for the Ingenuity Mars Helicopter to make the first attempt at a powered, controlled flight of an aircraft on another planet. Ingenuity remains attached to the belly of NASA´s Perseverance rover that touched down on Mars on February 18. On March 21, the rover deployed a shield that protected Ingenuity during landing. Currently, the rover is in transit to the place where Ingenuity will attempt to fly. However, flying in a controlled manner on Mars is far more difficult than flying on Earth because Mars has about one-third of Earth´s gravity, and its atmosphere is 1% as dense as Earth´s at the surface. During Martian daytime, the planet receives only about half the amount of solar energy that reaches Earth during its daytime, and nighttime temperatures can drop as low as minus 90 degrees Celsius, which can freeze and crack unprotected electrical components. If successful, Ingenuity could expand the horizons and broaden the scope of what is possible with Mars exploration.
Miniland is in Legoland. It has something new for people. It is a small pumpkin patch . There are 200 pumpkins on the patch. They are only 3 centimetres tall. There are jack-o’-lanterns , too. This is not easy to make a small jack-o’-lantern. It takes a lot of time. There are also hay bales , mini Lego tractors, farmers, and scarecrows .	Legoland’s famous Miniland unveiled the smallest pumpkin patch in the world. There are 200 pumpkins and they are just 3 centimetres tall. There are jack-o’-lanterns , too. They took 60 hours to carve ! The patch also has hay bales , mini Lego tractors, farmers, and even scarecrows .	Legoland’s famous Miniland unveiled the world’s smallest pumpkin patch with the little pumpkins being just 3 centimetres tall. The Halloween harvest scene features more than 200 of the little pumpkins, including a batch of minuscule jack-o’-lanterns, which took over 60 hours to carve. The impressive patch also has hay bales , mini Lego tractors, farmers, and even scarecrows .
Fish and chips is a dish . It is British. It is very famous. There is a problem with this dish. There are not enough fish. The sea is getting warmer. This is not good for the fish. However, there are more and more squid . Can squid replace fish?	Fish and chips is a famous British dish . Two types of fish are used in the dish. The problem is that there are not enough of these fish. Their numbers are down. This is because the sea is getting too warm for these fish. If there are not enough fish, the dish will be in danger. Scientists say that the fish must be replaced by squid . Squid numbers are growing fast in the seas around Britain.	Britain’s fish and chips is a world-famous dish, but soon it could become a thing of the past. Scientists say that the fish may need to be replaced by squid to protect cod populations. Warmer sea temperatures have contributed to a drop in cod and haddock numbers while squid numbers are growing rapidly in the seas around Britain.
China has a big problem with plastic. A lot of people live there. They use a lot of plastic. Then they throw it away. The Yangtze River is there. It is very polluted . There is a lot of plastic in the water. All of the plastic goes into the ocean. There is a lot of plastic everywhere. It is bad for the environment and for people´s health. The country wants to change the situation. The government has a plan. At the end of this year, China wants to stop using plastic products that people use only once. For example, these products are plastic bags, straws, cutlery , or plates. In the future, China wants to stop using more plastic products. It is a difficult task. People must change how they think. They must work together.	China announced a plan to reduce its use and production of plastic. By the end of the year, the country wants to completely stop using some single-use plastic products. In the future, China wants to stop using plastic bags, plastic straws, and plastic tableware . By the end of 2025, China will stop using plastic packaging at postal services and plastic supplies at hotels. Studies say that China is the biggest plastic producer in the world. China´s Yangtze River contains more plastic than any other river, and all of this plastic gets into the ocean. China´s official said that it is a long and difficult process to reduce the production of plastic, and all parts of society must work together to do this.	On Sunday, China announced a plan to significantly reduce its plastic use and plastic production. The country will completely ban some single-use plastic products by the end of 2020. By the end of this year, non-degradable plastic bags will be banned in major cities. Other single-use plastic products, such as plastic straws and plastic tableware, will be banned in certain areas. By the end of 2025, plastic packaging at a postal services, along with plastic supplies at hotels, will be banned nationwide. A Chinese official said that the implementation of various measures requires strong cooperation and support of all parts of society. Studies say that China is the world´s leading plastic producer, and more plastic makes its way into the oceans by way of China´s Yangtze River than by any other river.
Here is news from Brazil. A woman is shopping. There is a robbery . A robber accidentally shoots the woman. He shoots her near the heart. The woman is extremely lucky. She sees no blood , but she feels pain. The woman’s bra stopped the bullet . The woman says that God saved her.	A woman in Brazil unwillingly stepped into the line of  fire when she left a supermarket. A thief shot her close to the heart. The woman believes that God saved her, but her bra also played an important role. A wire in the bra stopped the bullet. The woman explained how strange all of it was. When the bullet hit her, she didn’t see any blood, but she felt pain. Her husband worried that she was going to die. Luckily, she is fine.	A Brazilian woman was caught in bullet crossfire after a thief open fire in the City of Belém. She thought she was not shot at first because there was no blood, but then she started to feel some stinging a few minutes later. Her husband said that he feared for the worst, thinking that she was going to die, but the stray bullet got embedded in the wire of her bra. While she believes that it was God who saved her, she also felt that her trusty bra played an important role.
There is a new business deal between the US, Mexico and, Canada. The spokesperson of the Democrats says that this deal is better than the original deal of the US government. The Democrats want to support the deal. However, in the past, they are not happy about some parts of it. They want to change the environment and worker´s laws. They say that Mexico must change the rights of workers. A few days ago, Mexico and US officials meet. They discuss the changes. The new deal does not start until the US government approves it.	House Democrats agreed to approve a new business deal between the US, Mexico, and Canada. On Tuesday, the spokesperson of the Democrats said that this deal is much better than the previous deal which the administration proposed. The Democrats did not agree with the deal´s regulations about environment and labor laws . They did not want to approve the deal until Mexico changed workers´ rights. The situation changed after a recent meeting of Mexico and US officials. Before the new deal can start, the US government must approve it.	House Democrats agreed to approve a new version of the US-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA). Nancy Pelosi, the spokeswoman of the House, announced this during a press conference on Tuesday, and she also said that this trade deal is much better than what was originally proposed by the administration. Previously, the Democrats were concerned about the deal´s enforcement of environmental standards and labor laws , and they did not want to approve the deal until Mexico improved its legislation to protect workers´ rights. However, in the past days, Mexico and US officials met to negotiate the deal. If the US government approves the deal, it will replace the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Lake Texoma is in the USA. It is between Texas and Oklahoma. It is a man-made lake. It controls floods and makes electricity. Something interesting happens on the lake. Something forms a vortex . The vortex is around 2.4 metres across. It is not dangerous to big boats. Somebody films the vortex. It looks cool. The vortex makes the lake drain like a bathtub!	Lake Texoma is one of the largest man-made lakes in the United States. It lies on the border between Texas and Oklahoma. People use it to control floods, control river flows and make power. Something interesting happened on the lake – something formed a vortex . The vortex was approximately 2.4 metres across, so it could not suck in a full-sized boat. Someone filmed the vortex and it looked pretty cool. The lake was being drained like a bathtub!	So what do you do when the water in your lake just gets a bit too high? Well, you drain it like a bathtub, obviously! That’s exactly what happened at Lake Texoma on the border between Texas and Oklahoma in early June after flooding caused the water level to rise. This amazing video posted to social media was captured by Edward Johnson and shows the water draining out of the man-made lake much like it would from a bathtub. According to Johnson, the vortex formed as the water escaped, and was approximately 8 feet (2.4 metres) across, incapable of sucking in a full-sized boat. Lake Texoma is one of the largest artificial lakes in the United States, and is used to control floods, generate hydroelectric power and regulate river flows. And now, they can add “make awesome vortexes” to that list.
The universe is really big. The solar system is big, too. However, it is very small compared to the universe. Two friends make a model. It is a model of the solar system. This model is very big. The men make it in the Nevada desert. They make this model because it is accurate . It shows the real size of the planets. This is what makes the model special. It is the only model which is this accurate. The friends film the model. You can see the planets move. Go check it out!	There is a lot which we don’t know about the universe. What we know is that it’s really, really big. The solar system, for example, is extremely small compared to the whole universe. Two filmmaker friends said that every picture of the Solar System is wrong – the pictures are not to scale . The friends decided to make a model which is to scale. They created the model in the Nevada desert. A marble represented each planet, and each marble was lit by a LED light. The planets moved around in the desert at night. The filmmakers turned this into a film. Go check it out!	In the context of the whole universe, our solar system is absolutely tiny . Furthermore, it is never illustrated or modelled to scale because if you were to illustrate the system on paper, the planets would actually be microscopic, and therefore invisible. Filmmaker friends Wylie Overstreet and Alex Gorosh made an amazing video of our solar system by creating a 7-mile model in the Nevada, USA, desert. The planets for the ‘true illustration of our place in the universe’ were represented by marbles and spheres lit by LED lights. The representative orbits of the planets were mapped out using GPS calculations, and the planets were driven around these paths in the desert at night. A time-lapse video filmed from a nearby mountain shows every sphere’s orbit.
This news is from London Zoo. The animals get presents early this year. The Sumatran tiger cubs are six months old. They do not wait to open their Christmas presents. There are pieces of meat inside colored boxes. It is not usual. The keepers think that it is a really good activity. The cubs are full of energy. This activity takes all of their morning energy. Then they sleep like big kittens . There are not many Sumatran tigers in the wild today. There are only 400 now. There were 1000 in the 1970s. These cubs were born in London Zoo in June. They like their presents. Also, the meerkats have presents under a mini Christmas tree. One of the best things about Christmas is the food. Most animals know that. T urkeys probably do not like Christmas!	Christmas for the animals in London Zoo came early this year. The six-month-old Sumatran tiger cubs opened their Christmas presents without waiting. Inside the colored boxes, they found just what they wanted – lumps of meat. It can be a little unusual, but the keepers here say that it is not only for publicity . They think that it encourages the animals to use their natural skills. It is a really good activity because the cubs are full of energy and this will use all of their morning energy. Then they can sleep like big kittens. Sumatran tigers are critically endangered . There are only 400 individuals in the wild today, but there were around a thousand in the 1970s. These cubs were born in London Zoo in June. They were not the only ones enjoying the presents. The meerkats found presents under a mini Christmas tree, too. It seems even animals know that one of the best things about Christmas is the food. But do not ask the turkeys!	Christmas for the animals in London Zoo came early this year. The six-month-old Sumatran tiger cubs wasted no time opening their Christmas presents. Inside the brightly colored boxes, they found just what they always wanted – lumps of meat. Although it may all seem a little unusual, the keepers here insist that it is more than just a publicity  stunt . They think that it encourages the animals to use their natural skills. It is a really useful activity since the cubs are full of energy and this will probably use all of their morning energy. Then they can go to sleep like big kittens. Sumatran tigers are critically endangered. There are fewer than 400 individuals in the wild today, compare to around a thousand in the 1970s. These cubs were born in London Zoo in June and they were not the only ones enjoying the festive treats. The zoo’s meerkats were also searching under a mini Christmas tree for pine-cone balls. It seems even animals know that one of the best things about Christmas is the food. Just do not ask the turkeys!
A boy is in a car crash. He is only 16 months old. The boy is badly injured . His neck is broken. This happens in Australia. Doctors operate on the boy. The operation is successful . The boy’s head is connected to his spine . The boy’s mother calls this a miracle . Other doctors call this a miracle, too.	A 16-months-old Australian boy was in a car crash with his mother and sister. The boy was badly injured – his neck was broken. Doctors in Brisbane operated on him for six hours to reattach his head to the spine . The operation was led by a doctor who in Australia is known as the “godfather of spinal surgery”. The boy’s mother and other doctors called the operation a miracle. The little boy has to wear a brace over his head for eight weeks.	Surgeons in Australia have successfully reattached a toddler ‘s head to his neck in what doctors have called a medical miracle. “The second I pulled him out I knew that.. I knew that his neck was broken. It is a miracle!” Doctors in Brisbane carried out the procedure on 16-month-old Jaxon Taylor after he was in a near- fatal crash with his mother and sister. According to local media, Jaxon’s head separated from his neck in the crash, an injury known as an “internal decapitation ”. He was airlifted to hospital where a team of surgeons performed the six-hour surgery to reattach the head to the spine. The doctor leading the team, known as Australia’s “godfather of spinal surgery”, used a halo  device to hold his skull still while reattaching his vertebrae using a tiny piece of wire. “A lot of children wouldn’t survive that injury in the first place and if they did and they were resuscitated they may never move or breathe again”. Jaxon will have to wear the brace over his head for eight weeks to help the tissues and nerves connecting his head to his spine to heal.
It rains a lot in southern France. The amount of water is extreme. Water, which normally rains in months, falls down in a night. This leads to flash floods . Small rivers become raging torrents . Roads are washed away. Thirteen people die.	Several months’ worth of rain fell in one night in southwestern France which led to flash floods . Small rivers became raging torrents that washed away roads. Schools were closed and people had to stay at home. Thirteen people died, and four of them died near the town of Villegailhenc.	Several months’ worth of rain fell in one night in southwestern France which led to flash floods , and streams became a raging torrents that washed away roads. Schools were closed and local authorities are urging people to stay at home. Thirteen lives have been lost in the floods – four deaths were clustered around the town of Villegailhenc.
Something interesting happens in China. It starts every year at the beginning of the eighth month. Thousands of people come to see it. The thing happens in the water. It is a special wave. Tides create this wave. The wave moves forward one river. It forms a straight line. It looks really cool. It attracts many surfers and tourists .	Thousands of people watched the tidal bore of Qiantang River in China. The one-line tide is a special tidal bore that rolls forward. It moves at the same speed and creates a straight line. The phenomenon usually starts at the beginning of the eighth month. The natural wonder attracts many surfers and tourists.	Thousands of people lined the banks of the Qiantang River in China on Monday to watch the world famous tidal bore . Locals and tourists gathered along the banks of the river in the cities of Haining and Hangzhou early in the morning to witness the amazing phenomenon , with some staying until late at night. “Wow!” Coinciding with China’s traditional Mid-Autumn Festival, the “one-line tide”, which is a special form of tidal bore that rolls forward at the same speed to form a straight line, travelled up the river. The phenomenon usually starts at the beginning of the eighth lunar month and reaches its peak on the 18 th day, three days after the Mid-Autumn Festival. The natural wonder also attracts many surfers looking to challenge themselves by riding the waves of the tidal bore up the river.
This news is from Rome, Italy. There is a landfill site . It gets on fire. The fire grows quickly. Toxic smoke goes into the air. Firefighters try to stop the fire. People must close their windows. They must not eat local food. There is a special meeting about waste build-up .	A landfill site in north-eastern Rome got on fire and it quickly spread . Firefighters tried to control the fire and stop the toxic fumes from getting over the city. People were told to keep the windows closed and not to eat locally grown food. People were worried about the waste collection, so the city called an emergency meeting.	Thick black smoke billowed up as a huge fire raged through a landfill site in north-eastern Rome. Firefighters battled to contain it and stop it from spreading toxic fumes over the city. Residents were told to keep windows closed and to avoid locally grown food. They have expressed concerns about waste collection, so the city authorities called an emergency meeting.
Last Friday, the UK officially leaves the EU. The negotiations to do this are a lot of work. They take three and a half years. Three UK prime ministers try to do this. There are three deadline extensions to make this happen. Britain is going to have an 11-month transition period to leave the EU. The UK is still going to follow EU laws. However, UK leaders are going to leave the EU government. Then the UK is going to make laws to leave the EU. The UK can have more time if it talks to the EU. It can have a deadline extension of up to two years.	The UK officially left the EU last Friday. Negotiations for Brexit took three and a half years, three prime ministers in office, and three deadline  extensions . There will be an 11-month transition  period for Britain to leave the EU. The UK will still follow EU laws, but UK members will leave the European Parliament. The UK will then create laws to break apart from the EU, but the UK or the EU can extend the transition period for up to two years “if both sides agree.” Travel through the UK and Europe may change in 2021.	The UK officially left the EU last Friday at 11:00 PM local time. The British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, said that Brexit was a beginning to a “stunning success.” Negotiations to get to this point took three and a half years, three prime ministers in office, and three deadline extensions. There will be an 11-month transition period for Britain to break away from the EU. The UK will still operate  under EU laws, but its representatives will leave the European Parliament. The UK will then create laws to break apart from the bloc , but the UK or the EU have wiggle room to extend the transition period for up to two years “if both sides agree.” Travel through the UK and Europe may change in 2021.
Kampong Preah are temples in Cambodia. They are 1,200 years old. People do not know about the temples. They are in a remote area. Tourists do not visit them. The temples are in a bad state . About 30% of the buildings are destroyed. A group of people is trying to save these temples. They are trying to make money to fix them. They also want to show them to tourists.	Over 1,200 years ago, people built the Kampong Preah temples in a remote area in Cambodia. They are older than Angkor Wat, but people do not know about them. Also, they are in a very bad state. A group of 30 young Cambodians are trying to raise money to help save the temples and attract tourists. The area is so remote that you can only get there by boat. A third of the complex is destroyed, but people still use it. They hold religious ceremonies and meet there.	A team of 30 young volunteers are trying to raise money to help save isolated Kampong Preah temples that people built over 1,200 years ago in a remote area in Cambodia. Sokemean Srin explained that the temples were built in the 8th century, which makes them older than Angkor Wat, but unfortunately they are little known. That is why he decided to organise a cultural charity trip to raise funds to support the historical site and to promote tourism in the area, which is so remote that it can only be reached by boat. Despite a third of the complex being destroyed, the temples still host religious ceremonies and provide communal space for a nearby floating village.
Czech people have a special Christmas tradition . They believe that they can see a golden pig. To see it, they must not eat or drink before the Christmas Eve dinner. A Czech company makes Christmas ornaments. People hang Christmas ornaments on a Christmas tree. The company makes ornaments that look like golden pigs. The pigs are golden with white and pink. The pigs look a little different this year. They have face masks. The company owner says that she wants to show people´s mood . Czech people must wear masks in shops and public places . People love the pigs with the masks. Many people buy them. The company is now making only pigs with masks.	Czech people believe that if they do not drink or eat before the Christmas Eve dinner, they will see a golden pig. A Czech company makes Christmas ornaments. It is a tradition to make ornaments that look like golden pigs. Every year, ornament makers make golden piglet decorations in white, gold, and pink. They usually add flowers and bows , but this year, the pigs look different. According to the owner of the company, ornament makers wanted to react to the current situation. Therefore, they added face masks. Golden piglets in masks immediately became a big hit, and ornament makers are now making nothing else apart from the piglets.	A Czech Christmas ornament-maker adds tiny masks to the country´s traditional golden pigs. According to Czech customs, golden pigs bring luck and joy to people who fast before the family feast on Christmas Eve. Romana Juklova is the owner of a company that makes Christmas ornaments and, according to her, the idea is to reflect how people are adapting for the holidays this year. They have always made piglet decorations in white, gold and pink and they used to add bows and flowers. However, this year, the golden pigs are getting a modern twist , and the makers have added a face mask. They hope that next year they will decorate the pigs a bit more cheerfully. Golden pigs with masks have become a massive hit, and now, the makers are making nothing but piglets in face masks.
This news is from Arizona. Police drive on a highway . They are chasing a car. They are driving around 100 miles per hour (161 kilometres per hour). That is very fast. There is a camera in the police car. It films the chase . Some men are in the car. They have marijuana with them. They have around 374 pounds (170 kilograms) of the drug. The marijuana is in big blocks. The men throw the blocks out of the car. In the end, police make the car stop. The men try to run away, but the police catch them.	Police in Arizona were chasing a car. The chase reached speeds of up to 100 miles per hour (161 kph) on one of the state’s highways. The police car had a dashboard camera which captured the incident. In the video, you can see that the men in the car threw out bales of marijuana. In the end, police forced the car to stop. The criminals tried to run away on foot but police caught them. Later, police found around 374 pounds (170 kilograms) of marijuana on the road. They later discovered a house with more of the drug.	Dashcam video footage has captured bales of marijuana being hurled out of a car during a high-speed chase in Arizona. The pursuit , which reached speeds of up to 100 miles per hour (161 kph), happened last Wednesday morning when a deputy officer from Pinal County was monitoring traffic on a Casa Grande highway. The large packages can be seen being thrown out of the suspect’s vehicle onto the road. The car was forced to stop after police set up spike strips that successfully deflated the Trail Blazer’s front tires. But the suspects did attempt to flee on foot before being caught by officers and charged with multiple drug offences and unlawful flight . In a statement from the Pinal County Sheriff’s Office, approximately 374 pounds (170 kilograms) of the drug were retrieved following the chase, and a stash house was discovered in the city of Mesa.
A plane lands in Turkey. The landing is not safe. The plane slides off the runway. It falls down a cliff . It is possible that a bird hits the plane. Also, there can be ice on the runway. People are investigating the incident . There are 162 people on the plane. Everybody is fine.	A plane from Turkey’s capital of Ankara touched down in a city in northern Turkey. However, it did not land safely. It skidded off the runway and fell down a cliff . People are investigating the incident. It is possible that there was a bird strike or ice. The incident created panic amongst the 162 passengers and crew on board, but amazingly, no one was injured.	A plane from Turkey’s capital of Ankara touched down in Trabzon, a city in northern Turkey, but the plane did not safely land. It skidded off the runway and plummeted down a cliff heading straight towards the Black Sea. In a statement, the airline said that the plane experienced a runway excursion incident. People are investigating the cause of the excursion, but a bird strike or ice may have been responsible, according to Turkish media. The incident created panic amongst the 162 passengers and crew on board, but everybody disembarked the plane uninjured.
This happens in Peru. Two men are in an argument . One of the men has a knife. He stabs the other man. He stabs him in the head. The stabbed man is confused . He is walking around. He comes to a hospital. The knife is still in his head. The doctors operate on him. They take out the knife.	A taxi driver in Peru had an argument over a motorbike with another man. The man stabbed the taxi driver in the head. He later admitted to the crime and police arrested him. The taxi driver was walking around confused , but he remained conscious . He even walked by himself into a hospital with the knife in his head. The doctors operated on him and removed the knife.	Following an argument over a motorbike, a man violently attacked a 28-year-old taxi driver in Peru. The 30-year-old attacker, who later admitted to stabbing the taxi driver in the head, was arrested. The taxi driver was seen walking around in a daze following the incident, but he remained conscious throughout the entire ordeal . To the surprise of doctors, he walked into a hospital with a knife protruding from his head under his own power. The doctors removed the knife after an hours-long operation.
People in Myanmar are killing Rohingya people. Thousands of the Rohingya are now fleeing Myanmar. They are moving to Bangladesh. A drone films them. From August until now, 500,000 Rohingya move to Bangladesh. This is a big refugee emergency .	A drone filmed thousands of Rohingya en route to Bangladesh. They are fleeing ethnic cleansing in Myanmar. More than 500,000 people have moved from Myanmar to Bangladesh since August. The UN says that this is the ‘fastest-growing refugee emergency in the world today’. Last Monday, 12 people, including six children died, when a boat overturned.	Drone footage released by the UNHCR shows thousands of Rohingya refugees arriving in Bangladesh after fleeing violence in Myanmar, which a top UN official has accused the people there of textbook  ethnic cleansing . Over half a million Rohingya refugees have sought safety in Bangladesh since August with hundreds of people dying on en route . The UN has called this the ‘fastest-growing refugee emergency in the world today’. Last Monday, 12 people, including six children, died when an overcrowded boat capsized .
This news is from Venezuela. A girl becomes pregnant every 3 minutes there. These girls are under 18. Some people think that this is a problem. They do not say that maternity is bad. They say that teenage girls are too young for this. The girls have other problems. Their bodies and minds are changing fast. Having a child is a problem for them. A group of people put mannequins in a shop window. These mannequins are not normal. They look like pregnant girls. People see them. They start to talk about the problem.	A girl under 18 becomes pregnant every three minutes in Venezuela. Twenty-three per cent of all births come in this age category, too. Two charities think that this is a problem. They do not say that maternity is bad. They say that teenage girls already have a lot of problems. The girls look for an identity and they go through a series of changes. Being pregnant is a complication for them. The charities set up an unusual display in a shop window. The mannequins look like 15-year-old pregnant school girls. The charities want people to think and talk about this problem.	This display showing mannequins of pregnant schoolgirls at a Caracas mall is shocking shoppers and stirring debate over sex education in Venezuela. Two local charities have dressed up three mannequins behind a shop window, showing the girls with bulging stomachs under their blue uniforms, used by schoolchildren there until the age of 15. The idea is apparently to draw attention to an adolescent pregnancy rate they say is one of the worst in South America, with one girl under 18 becoming pregnant every three minutes and 23 per cent of all births coming in at that age category. “We are not saying maternity is bad. This is not what we are saying. We are trying to say there is a time for everything and this is not the moment. This is a time when girls are beginning their life as teenagers, when they are looking for an identity and are going through a series of changes, which are complicated enough at this stage without adding a pregnancy to the equation .” The display will run for a month and may be extended to other malls around the nation of 30 million people.
Bill Gates is the co-founder of the company Microsoft. Bill Gates is the richest man in the world for many years. But Jeff Bezos becomes the richest man in 2017. Jeff Bezos is the boss of the company Amazon. Bezos´s wealth is $182 billion. Gates´s wealth is $127 billion. It can be much more. But Gates gives a lot of money to charity . Elon Musk is the co-founder of the company Tesla. Musk is 49 years old. He is the 35th richest man in January 2020. He has $100 billion more in November than in January 2020. He becomes the second richest man in the world. He has more money than Bill Gates now. It is the first time in the last eight years that Gates is not the first or second richest man in the world.	Elon Musk is the co-founder of the company Tesla and in January 2020, his net worth was $7.2 billion. But in November, his net worth was almost $128 billion. In January, he was the 35 th richest man in the world, and now he has become the second richest man. For many years, Bill Gates was the richest man in the world. Bill Gates is the co-founder of the company Microsoft, and he gave more than $27 billion to charity over the years. His net worth is $127.7 billion, and for the first time in the last year, two people have more money than him. In 2017, Jeff Bezos became the richest man in the world. He is the founder of Amazon and his net worth in $182 billion.	The co-founder of Tesla, Elon Musk, passed Bill Gates to become the world´s second-richest person. The 49-year-old entrepreneur ´s net worth soared from $7.2 billion to $127.9 billion when Musk added $100.3 billion to his net worth this year. It is the most of anyone on the Bloomberg Billionaires Index that ranks the world´s 500 richest people. In January, Musk ranked 35 th . Musk’s advance up the wealth ranks has been driven largely by Tesla whose market value is approaching $500 billion. Musk´s milestone marks only the second time in the index´s eight-year history that Microsoft co-founder Bill gates has ranked lower than number two. Gate´s net worth is $127.7 billion; however, it would be much higher if he had not donated more than $27 billion to charity over the years. Gates held the top spot for years before he was bumped by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos in 2017 whose net worth is currently $182 billion.
A pilot is flying his small plane in Ohio, USA. Something happens. He crashes into a home. Emergency responders come. The pilot dies from the crash. People are investigating why this happens. The family is not home when the plane crashes. Only the dogs are home. The emergency responders help them.	A small plane crashed into a home’s backyard and living room in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA. Emergency responders came, but the pilot died from his injuries. People are investigating what happened. Only the family dogs were home when the plane crashed. The emergency responders helped them.	A small plane crashed into a home’s backyard and family room in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, and the crash killed the pilot. Emergency responders came to the scene, but they could not save the pilot. Authorities are investigating what happened. Only the family dogs were home when the plane crashed – the emergency responders moved them away from the scene.
A bear moves from the USA to England. It is a special thing. Animals rarely move between the continents. The bear’s name is Bernardo. He is very nice and calm. He explores his new home. He is not alone. He is with a female bear. The two are becoming friends. People hope that the two bears will like each other. People hope that they will have babies.	A zoo in England welcomed a new bear. He arrived from Oklahoma in the USA. It is rare that zoo animals move between Europe and the USA. The bear brings important new  blood to Europe. The bear’s name is Bernardo, and he is very kind and calm. He was introduced to his new female friend. People hope that they will like each other and produce little bear cubs .	A zoo in Cheshire has welcomed Bernardo the bear, who’s arrived from the USA. The four-year-old spectacled bear has moved into Chester Zoo after flying in from Tulsa Zoo in Oklahoma and is being introduced to his new female friend Franka. It’s rare that zoo animals move between Europe and the USA, so Bernardo’s arrival brings important new blood to the European population of spectacled bears, a species vulnerable to extinction in the wild. Bernardo’s said to be a very kind and calm young male, and zoo staff are hoping him and Franka will be a match made in heaven, and produce little cubs in the future. The young bear looks like he’s enjoying spending time exploring his new home, with both he and Franka finding ways of getting to know each other, even if it involves a little bit of rough and tumble . The zoo is hoping to work closely with Bernardo and learn new things to help ensure the bears’ long-term survival.
Day of the Dead is a holiday. It is from Mexico. Millions of people celebrate the holiday. They visit graves . They drink and sing to the dead. This year is a little different. There is an event in Mexico City. It is a parade . People walk in the streets. They sing, dance and have fun. They wear costumes . Many people watch the parade. The parade is new to Mexico. It is James Bond’s parade. Why? There is a parade in the film “Spectre”. The two parades are very similar.	In Mexico, the Day of the Dead is a very important holiday. Millions of people celebrate. They traditionally set up altars with photographs of the dead, meet at family graves , drink, sing and talk to the dead. This year was a little different. There was something new—it was a parade . It happened in Mexico City and the James Bond film “Spectre” inspired it. You could see skeletons, traditional dancers, and musical groups. People organised the parade to bring more tourists to Mexico, and it worked. People loved it!	This year of Mexico’s traditional Day of the Dead was given a new twist , as the parade was inspired by James Bond’s “Spectre”. The government called the parade part of a new multifaceted campaign aiming to bring more tourists to Mexico during the holiday. As tens of thousands of people crowded to watch the skeletons, traditional dancers, and musical groups, it seems to have worked. Fused with the Catholic festivals of All Saints’ Day and All Souls’ Day, the Day of the Dead is one of the most deep-rooted traditions in Mexico. Millions celebrate it, and they traditionally set up altars with photographs of the dead, gather at their loved ones’ gravesides , drink, sing and talk to the dead.
This news is from Thailand. People go to a temple . It is close to Bangkok. People get tattoos in this temple. Monks make the tattoos. People believe that the tattoos have special powers. One man is doing really well in his job. He is also in a car crash but he is fine. He says that this is because of his tattoo. There are five Buddhist rules . You must not break these rules. First, you must not kill anyone. Second, you cannot drink alcohol or take drugs. These are examples. If you break the rules, your tattoo does not work. However, you can make a mistake. You can come to the temple again. You can get a new tattoo. You can try again.	Tens of thousands of people came to get tattoos in a Buddhist temple just west of Bangkok. Buddhist monks drew the tattoos and many people believe that the tattoos possess mystical powers. One man said that the tattoo is the reason why he survived a car crash and why his job is going well. Outside the temple, some people acted like the animals in their tattoos. However, the powers of the tattoo only work if you obey the five rules of Buddhism. For example, you must not steal, take a life, drink alcohol or take drugs. If you make a mistake, you can always come back to the temple next year to try again.	Tens of thousands of people have flocked to get tattoos in this Buddhist temple just west of Bangkok. These worshippers can be seen running in a trance , mimicking the creatures that feature in their tattoos. Many believe that the tattoos, drawn by the monks inside, possess mystical powers. This man says that his tattoo is the reason he survived a car crash unscathed and why his job is going so well. The ink used is made of a mixture of snake venom , herbs, and cigarette ash and when the illustrations are complete, the monks blow on them in order to bestow them with their sacred power. The sanctity of the tattoos is apparently only maintained if the bearer obeys the five precepts of Buddhism, including abstinence from stealing, taking life, sexual misconduct , drinking alcohol, and taking drugs. If anyone does slip  up though, they are welcomed back the next year for a top-up .
In Canada, there are many wildfires. Firefighters are fighting one. A firenado picks up their hose. It pulls it 100 feet into the air. Then it melts the hose. A firenado comes from a mix of wind, heat, and hot ground temperatures . The mix creates air that moves up. The air pulls in fire and small things.	In British Columbia, Canada, firefighters were fighting a fire when a firenado picked up their hose. It lifted it 100 feet into the air and then melted it. The fire was one of many wildfires happening. A firenado or fire whirl happens when wind, heat from fire, and hot ground temperatures mix together. The mix creates air that moves upwards and pulls in fire, ash, and debris .	In British Columbia, Canada, firefighters were fighting a fire when a firenado sucked their hose 100 feet into the air and melted it. The blaze was one of many wildfires occurring at that time. A firenado or fire whirl happens if wind gusts , heat from fire, and hot ground temperatures mix together, creating an uplift of air that pulls in fire, ash, and debris .
This news is from Sochi. Thousands of people come to the Olympics of choral music. The Olympics started in 2000. This is the 16th year. 283 choirs take part . There are 12,000 singers from 36 countries. There are 29 categories of performance . People can also see synchronised dancing or solo singers.	Thousands of choral singing fans came to the Black Sea resort of Sochi. The 16th Olympics of choral music are happening there. The games will see 283 choirs take part with a total of 12,000 participants from 36 countries. The competition includes 29 categories of performance. The spectators can also see synchronised dance and dramatic solo performances among other performances.	A delighted-looking man rings a huge bell – it can only be the opening of the ninth biennial world choir games. Thousands of choral singing fans have flocked to the Black Sea resort of Sochi for what’s known as the Olympics of choral music where choirs from around the globe face off in a war of harmonies . Running until July 16th, the games will see 283 choirs take part with a total of 12,000 participants from 36 countries. Offering everything from synchronised dance, dramatic solo performances, and mass choir ensembles , the crowds are loving it already. There’s even been a Mexican wave of sorts . Founded in the year 2000, the competition includes 29 categories of performance with countries such as Spain and Sweden, Afghanistan, Israel and Iraq taking part under the theme of togetherness and choirs, obviously.
This news is about a man from Austria. He has a moustache , hair and clothing like Hitler. People see him in front of Hitler’s birth house . The man’s name is Harald Zenz. The police take him to the police station. They talk to him. Mr. Zenz can be in trouble. People must not glorify the Nazi era in Austria.	Hitler was born in the town of Branau, which is on Austria’s border with Germany. People see a man in front of the house. The local media calls him Hitler’s double. He has a Hitler moustache, hair, and he wears Nazi-era clothing, too. The man’s name is Harald Zenz, and police brought him to the police station. It is against the law in Austria to glorify the Nazi era, so the police wanted to talk to him. The owner of the house is in a legal dispute with the Austrian government . The government wants to own the house and change it. The government wants to erase all of the house’s connections with Hitler.	People saw Twenty-six-year-old Harald Zenz in front of the house where Hitler was born in the town of Braunau on Austria’s border with Germany. The house itself is the object of a legal dispute between its owner and the Austrian government which wants to take possession and remodel it to erase all associations with the dictator. Harald Zenz sported a Hitler moustache and had his hair combed in the style of the führer and he was dressed in Nazi-era regalia . Austrian police say that they have detained Mr. Zenz for possible violations of laws against glorifying the Nazi era. Local media described Mr. Zenz as Hitler’s double .
The 2018 Winter Olympics are in South Korea. The competition and the entertainment is exciting. Some fire artists hold a special show. Visitors come watch the sparks fly . The fire artists come with other artists. They celebrate the Olympics. The show is at a beach. The beach is near a city. This city is helping with the South Korean Olympic games.	At the 2018 Winter Olympics, the competition and the entertainment was very exciting. Some fire artists held a special show on a South Korean beach, and visitors braved the cold to watch the sparks fly . The fire artists came with other artists to celebrate the Olympics. The show happened at a beach of a coastal city that is helping with the Pyeongchang Games.	At the 2018 Winter Olympics, the competition and the entertainment was heating up ! Some fire artists held a special show on a beach of a coastal city that is helping with the Pyeongchang Games in South Korea. Visitors braved the cold outside to watch the sparks fly in the show. The fire artists came with other artists to celebrate the Olympics.
This news is from Israel. It is about a church. This church is special. It is the “Church of the Multiplication of the Loaves and Fishes”. Christians believe that Jesus fed 5,000 people in this church. Somebody sets this church on fire. The fire destroys the inside parts of the church. Also, somebody puts hateful graffiti on one wall. People want to build the church again.	In Israel, somebody set the “Church of the Multiplication of the Loaves and Fishes” on fire. Christians believe that Jesus performed the miracle of feeding 5,000 people here. The fire completely destroyed the internal parts of the building. People also found hateful graffiti on one of the walls. One man told media that he heard something and ran from his room. He saw that parts of the main entrance were burnt and he could smell benzine. People are going to re-build this place, and perhaps it will look even better.	A fire has gutted part of the church where Christians believe Jesus performed the miracle of feeding the 5,000. The Israeli fire brigade has ruled this arson following the results of a preliminary investigation that showed the fire broke out in several places inside the church. An eyewitness describes his memory of the scene. “Early in this morning, I think 3:15 I heard a big loudly tone and I ran out from my room and I saw the main entrance for the monastery was burnt and I smelled it is benzine.” Since 2009, there have been 43 hate crime attacks reported against churches, mosques and monasteries in Israel and the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem. Staff at the monastery has vowed to repair the damage including the graffiti written in Hebrew script that reads “ eradicate false Gods”. “The residents of the monastery believe that we are not obliged to live together. We want to live together and we will not permit a small group of fanatics to disturb this peaceful life between the two peoples of this country. We will repair the place, and it will perhaps look better.” The limestone Church of the Multiplication of the Loaves and Fishes is on the northwest shore of the Sea of Galilee. It was constructed in the 1980s and was built on the site of the 4th and 5th century churches that commemorates what Christians revere as one of Jesus’s miracle. No damage was reported to the 5th century mosaic floors that had been restored in the church.
A whale goes into shallow waters. She is with her calf . She cannot move. This happens in Australia. The calf tries to help her. It pushes her. After 40 minutes, the whale is free. She swims away with her calf.	In shallow waters east of Brisbane, a humpback whale was stranded . She was with her calf which tried to help her. It tried to push her out of the shallow water. Fortunately, the whale became free after 40 minutes. She could be seen swimming off with her calf.	A humpback whale with her calf was filmed east of Brisbane where the mother was stranded in shallow waters. The calf appeared to nudge its mother to help dislodge her to safety. Fortunately, the whale became free after 40 minutes and could be seen swimming off with her calf.
A plane crashes into a house. It is a small plane. It crashes in the front of the house. It happens in Colorado, USA. Only the pilot is on the plane. He is not injured . He can walk, but he still goes to hospital. Nobody is at home when the plane hits the house. Nobody is injured. The plane damages the house. Firefighters are called. People investigate the accident. Some people saw the plane. They say that it had problems staying in the air.	A small plane has crashed into a house in Colorado. Nobody was injured. No one was at home at the time of the crash. Only the pilot was on board the plane, and he walked away from the crash. People later took him to a local hospital. The plane crashed into the front of the house through the roof. It caused extensive damage to the building. Firefighters came to the house, which is 12 miles north of Denver. People investigate the cause of the crash. Witnesses said that the plane had problems staying in the air.	A small plane has crashed into a house in Colorado, causing no injuries. It’s thought that only the pilot was on board and no one was at home at the time of the crash. Firefighters were called to the house in Northglenn some 12 miles north of Denver after the plane crashed into the front of the two-storey property through the roof, causing extensive damage. Witnesses have reportedly said the plane was struggling to stay in the air and the pilot walked away unharmed from the crash. He was later taken to a local hospital. The cause of the crash is being investigated.
There are islands in the South China Sea. Some countries want these islands. These countries argue about them. There are more than 70 islands like this. The countries which argue are China, Malaysia, Taiwan, Vietnam and the Philippines. One island is the Thitu island. It belongs to the Philippines. However, China claims the island, too. There are many Chinese ships around this island. This creates problems between China and the Philippines.	There is a dispute over 70 islands in the South China Sea. Countries in South East Asia dispute over who controls the land. China, Malaysia, Taiwan, Vietnam and the Philippines dispute seventy pieces of land. In 2016, an international court said that China had no right to a lot of the area which it claimed . However, nothing happened because the court cannot make China do anything. The Philippines has a complicated relationship with China. Things got a little better when Rodrigo Duterte became president of the Philippines. However, there may be problems between the countries because of one island. Its name is Thitu and it belongs to the Philippines. China claims this island, also. Almost 300 Chinese ships were around the island in recent months, and Duterte spoke about the situation. He said that he would tell the Philippine army to get ready.	According to the Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative , China, Malaysia, Taiwan, Vietnam and the Philippines are disputing nearly 70 reefs and islands in the South China Sea. In 2016, an international tribunal ruled that China had no right to a lot of the area that it claimed. Nothing happened, though, as China did not accept the rule and the court has no way to enforce its ruling. The Philippines has a complicated relationship with China, although the countries have warmed up to each other since Rodrigo Duterte took office. Most recently, the Philippine president said that he would tell his troops to prepare for a suicide mission to defend Thitu Island. It is an island which is a part of the Spratly Islands occupied by the Philippines. The problem is that China claims it, as well, and the Philippines government said that as many as 275 Chinese ships have been around Thitu in recent months. Interestingly, Duterte said that his comments were not a warning, but a word of advice to his friends.
The UN has many rules for the country of North Korea. North Korea does not follow these rules. North Korea is making nuclear weapons. The UN does not want this. The UN puts more economic sanctions on North Korea. North Korea’s government is upset. The government says that it will get revenge . It says that it will attack the USA. President Trump says that North Korea cannot say these things. He says that the USA can fight North Korea.	North Korea is not supposed to be developing nuclear weapons, but it has been working on them. In response, the UN decided to increase economic sanctions against the country, and the USA agreed to it. North Korea’s regime said that the sanctions would be met with revenge and threatened the USA. President Trump replied that North Korea should never make threats again or it would be met with ‘ fire and fury ’.	North Korea has been quickly developing nuclear weapons, and the USA agreed to the UN’s decision to increase economic sanctions against the country. In response, North Korea’s regime said that the sanctions would be met with ‘ thousand-fold revenge’ and threatened the USA. President Trump said that ‘North Korea best not make any more threats to the United States’ or the country would be met with ‘fire and fury ’.
These are the top three new films for September 2019. Number 1 is IT: Chapter Two . This film makes 91 million dollars in its first weekend. People can see this film in 4,500 cinemas. It is very good for a film about a clown . The clown lives underground. Number 2 is Angel Has Fallen . This film makes 6 million dollars in its third weekend. This action movie was number 1 for the last two weeks. Now, it is number 2. Number 3 is Good Boys . This film makes 5 million dollars in its fourth weekend in cinemas. It is a very good comedy about 12-year-old boys.	This is the list of the top three new movies at the beginning of September 2019. The Number 1 this week is IT: Chapter Two which made about $91 million in its first weekend. People could see this film in 4,500 locations, and it is very good for a movie about a clown who lives underground. Number 2 this week is Angel Has Fallen which made about $6 million in its third weekend. This action movie was number 1 for two weeks, and now, it is number 2. Number 3 on this list is Good Boys which made about $5.4 million in its fourth weekend in cinemas. It is a very good comedy about 12-year-old boys.	This is the list of the most viewed new movies at the beginning of September 2019. The number 1 spot this week is IT: Chapter Two which made about $91 million in its opening weekend. The film premiered in more than 4,500 locations. That is pretty big for a movie about a clown who lives underground, but it is also no surprise when you think about the success of its first movie in 2017. Number 2 this week is Angel Has Fallen which made about $6 million in its third weekend out. This action movie was in the number 1 spot for two weeks. Number 3 on this list is Good Boys which made about $5.4 million in its fourth weekend in cinemas. That is pretty impressive for a comedy about 12-year-old boys.
Here is news from China. Boys stand at a manhole . One boy has a firecracker . He lights it and throws it in the manhole. The manhole explodes. It hits the boys. One boy falls into the manhole. People save him. A camera films everything. It looks shocking, but the boys are fine.	A group of boys from China stood at a manhole . One of them threw a lit  firecracker into the manhole. That manhole, as well as the manhole next to it, exploded. The explosion hit the group of boys, but it injured nobody. However, one boy fell into the hole and he almost dropped down. The other children, people who were around, and a police officer managed to save him.	This is the moment an exploding manhole cover hits children after a boy threw a lit firecracker into a sewer , triggering the blast. The surveillance footage in Xianyang City shows the boy, who was accompanied by several children, toss a lit firecracker into the manhole. Seconds later, the group was hit, whilst another nearby manhole cover was also blown up. One boy fell into the hole with two hands clinging to the edge and almost dropped down. As the other children struggle to pull him out, a police officer and passersby managed to rescue him. A member of the city’s Public Security Bureau confirmed that nobody was injured in the incident. Local police have warned that as the Spring Festival draws near, children must only set off fireworks when accompanied by parents.
A sloth lives at a zoo. The zoo is in London. His mother cannot feed him. She has no milk. People must feed the sloth. He is seven weeks old. When he gets big, he will have claws . The claws will be 10 centimetres long. Thanks to these claws, sloths can move in the trees. People give the little sloth a name. They call him Edward. Sloths are active at night. They are from South America.	A young sloth ’s mother at a zoo in London stopped producing milk. Zookeepers now feed the seven-week-old sloth with goat’s milk. When he grows up, he will have 10-centimetre-long claws . That is why zookeepers named him Edward, after the famous film character Edward Scissorhands. The claws will let him move in the trees. Sloths are active at night and are from South America.	A zookeeper and a teddy bear have taken on the role of surrogate mum to the ZSL ’s newest arrival – a tiny baby sloth. The seven-week-old two-toed sloth needed a helping hand when his mum stopped producing milk. Zookeepers have named the young male Edward after Johnny Depp’s famous character Edward Scissorhands. His name relates to his impressive claws which will grow up to 4 inches (10 centimetres) in length and enable him to cling  on and climb easily through the treetops branches. Edward is a nocturnal animal native to South America and is being fed every three hours with goat’s milk to help keep him fit and healthy.
Sinkholes appear in Iran. Some are as deep as 60 metres. The ground sinks because people are moving too much groundwater up. People need the water to farm. They need to produce food for 80 million Iranians. However, as the water moves, the ground moves, too.	Large sinkholes appeared in Iran, and some are as deep as 60 metres. The ground sinks because people are pumping too much groundwater to use it to farm or to produce food for 80 million Iranians. However, as they pump the water, the ground is moving.	Gigantic sinkholes appeared in Iran, some as deep as 60 metres. They are the result of land sinkage caused by excessive water pumping. Iran relies heavily on agriculture to feed its 80-million percent population, meaning that there is great demand for water. Using up the groundwater can also lead to desertification, which is when the ground becomes more like a desert.
In August 2016, Iranian authorities arrest a US student. Iran says that he is a spy . They put him in prison for 10 years. After three years in prison, Iran frees the student on Saturday. Iran swaps him for an Iranian scientist who is in prison in the US. The trade happens in Switzerland. Switzerland helps both countries with the trade. The US President says that he is happy about the swap. He thanks Switzerland for its help. He also hopes that other US people who are in prisons in other countries can go back to the US.	In August 2016, Iranian authorities arrested Xiyue Wang, a student at Princeton University. They said that Wang was a spy and put him in prison for 10 years. Wang was in prison for more than three years, and on Saturday, Iran freed him. Iran and the US swapped Wang for an Iranian Scientist who had a trial in the US. The US president thanked Swiss authorities who helped with the swap. He also said that he hopes to bring home all US people who are in prisons abroad . Iran keeps more people from the US and other countries in its prisons, and this swap of prisoners can mean that Iran can free more prisoners in the future.	In August 2016, Xiyue Wang, a graduate student at Princeton University was arrested in Iran. Iranian authorities accused him of being a spy and sentenced him to 10 years in prison. Although US officials denied that Wang was a spy, he was imprisoned in Tehran for more than three years. On Saturday, Iran and the US conducted a prisoner swap in Switzerland where they swapped Wang for Massoud Soleimani, an Iranian scientist who was facing a trial in Georgia, USA. The US President, Donald Trump, thanked Swiss authorities who helped negotiate the exchange and said that the US wants to bring home all US citizens who are wrongfully held captive overseas. Iran is still keeping prisoners from the US and other countries, and this prisoner swap suggests that Iran could offer their freedom in future negotiations.
A group builds a skatepark in Bolivia. 100 people build it. These people are not paid. They do it for fun. They are volunteers . It takes them only 30 days to build the skatepark. The volunteers come from 17 different countries. They work together on the park’s design. They share ideas. The park’s design is a mix of these ideas. For example, the Japanese build a ramp . The ramp looks like Mount Fuji. This skatepark is in the mountains. When you skate, you can see the Andes. It is very beautiful.	A group built a new skatepark in Bolivia. Over 100 volunteers from 17 countries came to the country to build the park. It took them only 30 days to build the 1400-square-metre park. Everybody worked on the park’s design and shared ideas. For example, a Japanese group designed a ramp which looks like Mount Fuji. The skatepark is located at an elevation of around 3,650 m (11,975 ft) above sea level. That means that you can enjoy a beautiful view of the Andes.	Skateboarding in Bolivia is not just extreme, but also extremely pretty. This skatepark in La Paz is one of the largest in the region and the highest in altitude , giving it a beautiful backdrop of the Andes mountain range. The 1400-square-metre park was constructed earlier this year by more than 100 volunteers from over 17 countries. And the entire operation took just 30 days. Situated in the Pura Pura district of the city, the park draws over 3,000 visitors every week, and due to its location they hail from a variety of socio-economic backgrounds. The park’s design was a collaborative  effort , with skaters around the world contributing ideas, including a Japanese group who designed the Fujiyama ramp, inspired by the country’s prominent mountain. Local authorities have already called the park a huge success and are hoping to further expand the territory for skaters.
People in India must stay at home. The coronavirus is there. It is important to follow government rules. Some people want to help with this. They remind others what to do during the lockdown . An Indian inventor makes an unusual car. The car looks like the coronavirus. There is a man inside. He is riding a scooter. The car reminds people to stay at home. Indian police want to make sure that everybody knows the rules. Some police officers control traffic in red helmets. The helmets look like the coronavirus. They want to remind people about the government rules. It is important that people follow the rules. It helps stop the coronavirus. Police officers make a funny video. They dance in the video. They show how to wash hands well.	People in India are on lockdown because of the coronavirus. Some people want to remind others how to behave during the lockdown, and they are coming up with unusual ideas how to do it. An Indian inventor created a car that looks like the coronavirus. There is a man inside, and he is riding a scooter. The vehicle reminds people that they must stay at home during the lockdown. Indian police found more ways to make people aware of the disease. Some police officers direct traffic in red helmets that look like the coronavirus. The police want to remind people of the rules that help stop the virus. Police officers also filmed a video in Bollywood style. In the video, they show how to wash hands properly.	India continues its 21-day coronavirus lockdown, and people are coming up with bizarre methods to raise awareness of the disease among the population. An Indian inventor created a COVID-19-shaped vehicle that is running on a scooter engine. The vehicle reminds people to stay home during the lockdown. This is not the only curious way people are raising awareness in the country. Indian police have started wearing red helmets that resemble the coronavirus. They are directing traffic in these helmets, and they want to remind people of the restrictions that can help stop the spread of the virus. Police officers even filmed a Bollywood-style video in which they show how to wash hands properly.
Malayan tigers are endangered . There are only a few hundred of them in the wild. They live in Asia. Luckily, two Malayan tiger cubs are born. They are born at Prague Zoo. This is unusual. This type of tiger has trouble having babies in captivity . The males can attack the females too much. The zoo says that the mother and the tiger cubs are all doing well.	Two Malayan tiger cubs were born at Prague Zoo. This is unusual, as this subspecies of tiger does not breed successfully in captivity . Only two other zoos in Europe have successfully bred these tigers. One problem is that the males are too aggressive with the females. The keeper of the cubs is positive about their survival. The zoo says that the mother and the cubs are all doing well. There are only a few hundred Malayan tigers in the wild in Asia.	Two Malayan tiger cubs were born at Prague Zoo, which was rare as this subspecies of tiger does not breed successfully in captivity. Only two other European zoos succeeded in breeding these tigers. One part of the problem is that the males are too aggressive with the females. The keeper of the cubs is optimistic about their survival. The zoo says that the 11-year-old mother, Banya, and her cubs are all doing well. There are just a few hundred Malayan tigers living in the wild in Asia.
In Tasmania, representatives from the EU, USA, Russia and China meet. They create a marine park. People must not catch fish in the park. It is the biggest marine park in the world. It is in the Ross Sea in the Antarctic. It covers 12% of the southern ocean. That is 1.1 million square kilometres. This is a historic moment. It helps animals a lot. People are happy about the park.	Representatives of the EU, USA, Russia and China met in Tasmania. They agreed to create the world’s largest marine park. It is in the Antarctic in the Ross Sea. The Ross Sea Marine Park will cover 12% of the southern ocean. Fishing will be banned completely across the 1.1 million square kilometres. Scientists and marine activists say that this is a historic moment. It is a big step forward for protecting the ocean.	Twenty-four countries and the EU agreed to create the world’s largest marine park in the Antarctic. The Ross Sea Marine Park will cover more than 12% of the Southern Ocean. Fishing will now be banned completely across the 1.1 million square kilometres, which is very good news for all of the creatures who call this stretch of ocean home. Scientists and marine activists are describing this as a historic moment, calling it a major step forward for marine conservation globally. A commission, including representatives from Russia, China, and the USA met in Tasmania and all of them joined together to celebrate their decision.
In 1954, people record Sir Roger Bannister run a mile. He runs it in Oxford, England. He runs the mile in less than four minutes. He breaks a world record. He is humble about his achievement . He says that breaking records is not that important. He says that somebody probably can run faster than he can. He says that somebody probably can run faster than that person, also. Bannister lives to age 88. He gets a disease . He dies surrounded by his family.	In 1954, Sir Roger Bannister ran a mile under four minutes in Oxford, England. He stayed modest about the record after it happened. He said that he felt like breaking records was overemphasised . He explained that if one person could run the mile faster than he could, then someone else could probably run it faster than that person. Bannister worked in the medical field during his life. As he grew older, he suffered from Parkinson’s Disease . He died surrounded by his family at the age of 88.	On May 6, 1954, Sir Roger Bannister broke the record for a sub -four-minute mile in Oxford, England. He was modest about the record after the fact. He said that breaking records was being overemphasised. He explained that if one person could run the mile in 3 minutes and 59 seconds, you could ‘almost certainly find somebody else in the world at some time who will run it faster’. Bannister went on to work in the medical field. As he grew older, he suffered from Parkinson’s Disease , and he died surrounded by family at age 88.
A cat café is a café where people can come see cats. The first cat café opens in Taiwan in 1998. Cat cafés become very popular in Asia. Gato Café opens in June this year. It is in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Giovanna Molinaro is the founder of the café. People drink coffee with pictures of cats. They buy biscuits which look like a cat´s foot, too. The cats stay in another room. They lie around and relax. The Gato Café is a place for abandoned cats and dogs, too. Abandoned animals do not have an owner . They must look after themselves. Millions of cats and dogs are in Brazil. Many families have problems during the coronavirus. They cannot look after their pets. Many animals end up in the streets when their owners die.	In June, Giovanna Molinaro opened a cat café in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The first cat café opened in Taiwan in 1998, and cat cafés quickly became popular in Asia. Cat owners could come there with their pets and enjoy a cup of coffee. Rio´s Gato Café is different. Customers enjoy their coffee while cats lie lazily in another room. The place serves lattes with cat silhouettes and biscuits which look like paws . The Gato Café is also a place for abandoned cats which people rescue. In 2019, there were over 78 million cats and dogs in Brazil. When owners died, and the coronavirus brought problems to many families, thousands of cats and dogs ended up in the streets.	At the Gato Café in downtown Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, coffee and tea are served with whiskers and a purr . Cat cafés were first popularized in Asia where they originated in Taiwan in 1998. Giovanna Molinaro, the founder of Gato Café, was inspired to create the café after a trip to Japan in 2018. However, Gato Café doesn´t offer just cat company, it also is an adoption site for abandoned cats rescued by an organization called ´Bunker Whiskers´. Customers purchase lattes dusted with cat silhouettes and accompanied by paw-shaped biscuits while cats lounge lazily in an adjacent room. In 2019, there were over 78 million pet cats and dogs in Brazil. As owners passed away and families were thrown into disarray during the coronavirus pandemic, many animals were abandoned or left to look after themselves.
British children wear shoes at school. One primary school in England reads a study . The study is about wearing slippers in school. The study is ten years long. It covers 25 countries. It says that wearing slippers at school is good. The classrooms are calmer and quieter. Children do better in exams. They come to school earlier and leave later. They also read more. In some classes, there is less bullying . The school likes the change. Some teachers wear slippers, too.	Students in Britain normally wear shoes at school. One primary school in England, however, read a study on wearing slippers in school. The 10-year study covered 25 countries. It says that when children wear slippers at school, they come to school earlier, leave later, read more, and do better in exams. The classrooms are calmer and quieter. In some classes, bullying was reduced . The school is happy with the positive change, and some teachers wear slippers, too.	A primary school in England is the first one in the UK to allow students to wear slippers to class in a bid to improve grades. The school found out about a study which found that shoeless children were more likely to behave and do better in exams. The school’s experience has so far proved the study right. One teacher said that the atmosphere in her classroom is calmer, and some teachers have chosen the more comfortable option. The school is now considering making slippers part of its compulsory uniform. Apart from a calmer and quieter environment, the 10-year study covering 25 countries, also found that children wearing slippers are likely to go to school earlier, leave later and read more. In some classes, bullying was reduced.
Marilia Mendonça is a Brazilian singer. She is 26 years old. She has a two-year-old son. Mendonça is very popular in Brazil. Her songs are about women and their problems. Mendonça has online concerts during the coronavirus. 3.3 million people watch one live concert. It is the highest number ever. Mendonça dies last weekend. She travels to her concert. She travels by plane. Then, the plane crashes in the mountains. It crashes only 11 kilometers from her destination . Four people are on the plane. They are the singer, her uncle, and the crew . They all die.	Marilia Mendonça, a Brazilian singer, died in a plane crash last weekend. Three other people died, too. Mendonça was traveling to her concert in Caratinga, a small city north of Rio de Janeiro. The plane crashed in a mountainous area 11 kilometers from Caratinga. At first, the media said that the singer survived the crash, but later they knew that she died. The singer was 26 years old, and she had a two-year-old son. She was very popular in Brazil, as she was the most listened to artist in Brazil on the app Spotify. During the pandemic, she had a series of online concerts, and one of them set the record of the most-watched live event on YouTube.	Marilia Mendonça, one of Brazil’s biggest contemporary singers and a Latin Grammy winner, died in a plane crash on the way to one of her concerts. Four other people, including her uncle and her producer, also died in the incident. The plane crashed between Mendonça’s home town of Goiânia and Caratinga, a small city 350 kilometers north of Rio de Janeiro. The aircraft was around 11 kilometers from Caratinga, the singer’s destination for that evening’s gig . People launched an investigation to determine the cause of the crash. Mendonça was 26, and she had a two-year-old son. In 2020, she was the most listened to artist in Brazil on Spotify, and she performed in a series of online gigs. One of them set the record of the most-watched live stream in the world, with 3.3 million viewers on YouTube.
Erdogan is the president of Turkey. This year is his 16th as president. He is popular. However, he is becoming less and less popular. In March, there are local elections in Turkey. People can choose people from Erdogan’s party . They can also choose people from another party. Erdogan’s party wins in almost all of Turkey. It does not win in two cities. These cities are Istanbul and Ankara. They are important. Istanbul is Turkey’s biggest city. Ankara is the capital. This is not good for Erdogan. He wants to change this. His party says that there is fraud in the election. It wants a new election in Istanbul. The party plans the new election for June. Erdogan is happy. He says that this is good for democracy. The European Parliament does not think so. It thinks that this is bad for democracy.	This year is Erdogan’s 16th as president of Turkey. However, the country’s economy is not doing well, and he is becoming less popular. In March, there were local elections in Turkey. Erdogan’s party won all of Turkey except for two important cities – Istanbul, the largest city, and Ankara, the capital. Losing in these cities was not good for Erdogan. His party requested a new election in Istanbul – it said that there was fraud . The government accepted the request, and now it is planning a new election for June. Erdogan said that the new election is an important step for Turkish democracy. On the other hand, the European Parliament believes the opposite.	Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been in power for 16 years, and his party dominated Turkey for even longer. However, the country’s economy has not been doing well under Erdogan and his popularity is suffering. Turkey held local elections on March 31st in which Erdogan’s party won across the nation, except in Istanbul, the largest city, and Ankara, the country’s capital. Such a situation is a major setback for Erdogan. Erdogan’s party requested a new election in Istanbul, saying that fraud influenced the results. The country’s Supreme Election Board agreed, and this final decision cannot be challenged in court. People planned the new local election in Istanbul for June. Erdogan said that the new election is an important step for Turkish democracy. On the other hand, the European Parliament said that a second vote would ruin the credibility of democratic Turkish elections.
A group of men attack a school in Nigeria. The men have guns. They search all the buildings. They take at least 317 girls away. The girls must go into a forest. More attacks on schools happen in the country. Attackers take 344 students in December 2020. The students are free one week later. Another attack happens last week. Attackers take 42 people. The situation in Nigeria is very bad. People are not safe. Children have a lot of mental problems after the attack. Nigeria has a new president in 2015. The situation is worse since 2015. The president does not comment about the attack.	A group of men with guns attacked a school in northern Nigeria. The men searched the buildings, chose at least 317 girls, and herded them into a forest. Officials did not comment on the attack, but it was the fourth attack on a school since 2015, when the new president was elected. In December 2020, attackers took 344 students which they later released . Another attack happened in central Niger last week, when attackers took 42 people. These attacks show that security in the country is very bad and that children in Nigeria are not safe. It is a very horrible experience for children who can have mental problems long after the attack.	Armed men seized at least 317 girls from a high school in northern Nigeria. The gunmen had searched staff quarters and hostels to choose victims who they then herded into a forest. It was the latest in a string of abductions that show how bad national security is and a gross violation of children´s rights. Such a horrific experience has a long-lasting effect on their mental health and well-being. Nigeria´s presidency hasn´t commented on the attack yet; however, it´s the fourth mass school abduction since President Buhari was first elected in 2015. About 42 people, including 27 students, were kidnapped in the central Niger state last week. The incident followed a similar attack on another school in December when 344 pupils were taken and released within a week.
This news is about an art gallery. It is special. It is in the Atlantic Ocean. This is off the coast of Florida. You must go almost 30 metres underwater. The art gallery is on a sunken ship. The photographs are behind glass. The artist of the pictures is Australian. His name is Andreas Franke.	If you dive 30 metres down the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Florida, you can find an art gallery. A sunken ship has the underwater exhibition and it is home to the artwork of Australian art photographer Andreas Franke. Plexiglass covers each piece for protection, and the art gallery will be on show for 4 months.	Diving more than 90 feet (27 metres) below the Atlantic Ocean, you’ll find this not-so-average art gallery. This underwater exhibition has been set up in the world’s second largest artificial reef off the Florida coast. Divers installed a dozen 3 by 4.5 photo illustrations on the deck of the sunken ship General Hoyt S. Vandenberg, which rests at Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary about 7 miles south of Key West. The once transport ship is now temporary home to the artwork of Australian art photographer Andreas Franke. Each piece is covered in Plexiglass, mounted in stainless steel frames and sealed with silicone to prevent the paintings from becoming waterlogged. Marine life will settle on the paintings during the 4 months that they’ll be underwater, and giving them their final touch by their inspiration, the sea itself.
This news is about the Koreas and the USA. South Korea and the USA are allies . North Korea is their enemy . North Korea tests a nuclear bomb. South Korea and the USA do not like this. The USA warns North Korea. It sends a big plane to South Korea. This plane can carry nuclear bombs. North Korea launches a rocket. North Korea says that the rocket is not for war. However, the USA and South Korea do not like this. The USA sends four warplanes to South Korea. These warplanes are the USA’s best warplanes.	Three weeks ago, North Korea launched a rocket. North Korea said that it was just a satellite launch, but many countries started to worry. Only a week after the launch, the USA sent four fighter jets to South Korea. This act showed the strong political allegiance between the USA and South Korea and it was a warning to North Korea. The F-22 fighter jets are the best warplanes that the USA has. This wasn’t the first time the USA showed its power in the region. When North Korea tested a nuclear bomb, the USA sent a bomber to North Korea. The B52 bomber can carry nuclear weapons.	The US has flexed its muscles at North Korea by sending over its stealth jets to its southern counterpart . In a display of political allegiance , America has sent over four of its F-22 stealth fighter jets as a warning after North Korea’s rocket launch last week. The act violated UN bans imposed on the country, but North Korea maintain they didn’t defy world powers as it was just a satellite launch. Being able to evade radar detection , the Raptor Jets are America’s most advanced fighter jet. They’re usually kept on the Japanese island of Okinawa, but in an act of South Korean allegiance, flew to an air base just 45 miles (72 kilometres) from the border of North Korea. “This mission demonstrates the strength of the alliance between United States and the Republic of Korea and the resolve of the both nations to maintain stability on the Korean Peninsula . The US maintains an ironclad commitment to the defence of the Republic of Korea.” This isn’t the first time the US has responded to the North with planes. Following a nuclear test by North Korea, they flew over a B52 bomber at low-level, a jet that’s capable of carrying nuclear weapons. This most recent deployment comes ahead of talks between Seoul and Washington, which could result in the American missile defence system being deployed in South Korea.
Over 300 women participate in an event. The event happens in Manilla, Philippines. Women at the event breastfeed for one minute. The event is part of World Breastfeeding Week. The event helps women. They can learn. Some women do not breastfeed in public . They do not feel fine. This event tells them that this is OK.	Over 300 women participated in a mass breastfeeding event in Manilla, Philippines. The event is part of World Breastfeeding Week. The event and the week promote breastfeeding, offer support, guidance and information to mothers. In some societies of the world, women do not feel comfortable with breastfeeding in public. The campaign, which people hold on the first week of August each year, also tries to help these women.	Over 300 women launched World Breastfeeding Week in Manila by participating in a mass breastfeeding event. The women joined an event called ‘The Big Latch On ‘ which is part of World Breastfeeding Week where women nurse their babies for over a minute. “I joined this campaign to empower women because I want to become a role model also of other women that breastfeeding is not impossible. Everything is possible through the right information, through proper guidance, and it empowers women. Women are not any less of a mom if they cannot breastfeed. They just ask for help and the right guidance.” ‘The Big Latch On,’ an event along with World Breastfeeding Week, is aimed at promoting breastfeeding, offering support, guidance and nutritional information to mothers. The campaign, which is held on the first week of August each year, also aims to highlight the barriers in societies around the world that prevent women from feeling at ease breastfeeding their children in public.
The Sinaloa cartel is a drug cartel in Mexico. Between 1989 and 2014, the cartel moves 200 tons of drugs to the USA. Joaquín Guzmán Loera was the boss of the cartel. People also call him El Chapo. He is in the USA now. He can go to prison for life. His ex-assistant talks at a court in New York. He says that El Chapo gave $100 million to Enrique Peña Nieto in 2012. Enrique Peña Nieto was the Mexican President until 2018.	Joaquín Guzmán Loera, better known as El Chapo, ran Mexico’s Sinaloa cartel from 1989 to 2014. People say that in those 25 years, the cartel imported more than 200 metric tons of drugs into the USA. In 2017, El Chapo was moved to the USA where he is on trial . If he is found guilty, he will spend the rest of his life in prison. El Chapo’s business partner was in a New York court room last Tuesday. He said that El Chapo bribed the now- former Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto. It was a bribe of $100 million given to Nieto in 2012 when he was still running for president. Enrique Peña Nieto stopped being president just last year, in 2018. His spokesman said that he did not take the bribe.	Joaquín Guzmán Loera, better known as El Chapo, ran Mexico’s Sinaloa cartel from 1989 to 2014. During that time, the cartel allegedly imported more than 200 metric tons of cocaine to the US along with heroin, methamphetamine and marijuana. In 2017, El Chapo was extradited to the USA and he has been on trial since November. If he is found guilty, he will spend the rest of his life in prison. El Chapo’s business partner told a New York court room last Tuesday that El Chapo bribed the now-former Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto. He said that the former president originally asked for $250 million from El Chapo, but they allegedly settled on $100 million, which he then paid to the then-president-elect in 2012. Enrique Peña Nieto stopped being president just last year, in 2018. His spokesman said that he didn’t take the bribe.
Anonymous is an activist group . After the Paris attacks, Anonymous goes to war with the Islamic State. Anonymous says this in a video. The video is on YouTube. Anonymous says that there will be attacks on the Islamic State. These attacks will be cyber- attacks. For example, Anonymous can delete the Twitter and the Facebook accounts of people who like the Islamic State.	Anonymous is an activist group . In 2003, it first appeared and it is known for its successful attacks on organisations. After the Paris attacks, French hackers from the group declared war on the Islamic State. The group uploaded a video to YouTube. A member of Anonymous says in the video that there will be very many cyber-attacks. This is not the first Anonymous attack on the Islamic State – after the Charlie Hebdo attacks in January, a Belgian part of the group declared war against al-Qaeda, the Islamic State and other terrorists. It later said that it deleted 1,500 pro-Islamic State Twitter and Facebook accounts.	French hackers from the activist group Anonymous have declared war on the so-called Islamic State after the Paris attacks. In a video posted on YouTube, a representative wearing a hood and the group’s distinctive Guy Fawkes mask said the violence that left 129 people dead can’t go unpunished. The statement said, “That’s why Anonymous activists from all over the world will hunt you down. Yes, you the vermin , who kill innocent victims. We will hunt you down like we did to those who carried out the attacks on Charlie Hebdo. So get ready for a massive reaction from Anonymous. Know that we will find you and we will never let up . We are going to launch the biggest ever operation against you. Expect very many cyber-attacks. War is declared. Prepare yourselves. Know this – the French people are stronger than you and will come out of this atrocity even stronger.” The declaration is not the first time the activist group has targeted Islamic State. After the Charlie Hebdo attacks in January, a Belgian offshoot of the group said it was declaring war against al-Qaeda, Islamic State and other terrorists. It later boasted about shutting down a French website associated with extremists and helping get 1,500 IS -supporting Twitter and Facebook accounts offline. Anonymous first emerged in 2003 and has become known for a series of well- executed public attacks on corporations, religious and government bodies.
A teenager goes to hospital. Doctors find a brain tumour in his brain. They send him to get cancer treatment . He gets the treatment at a new centre. It is the first centre of this type in Britain. It uses new technology. The technology is very good. It destroys only the tumour. The rest of the brain is fine. The new centre can help 750 people a year. People are building another centre in London. It opens next year. The teenager likes the machines at the centre. He says that they are beautiful. He says that they look like things from the future. He wants to be a doctor when he grows up.	Three months ago, a teenager’s doctors found a rare brain tumour in his brain. He is going to receive new cancer treatment at the UK’s first proton beam treatment centre. The proton beam targets the tumour exactly and does not damage other parts of the brain. The new centre will help 750 people a year, and people will open a second one in London next year. The teenager liked the proton beam machines and said that they were beautiful and looked like things from the future. He thinks that they will help him ‘really well’. He wants to be a doctor when he grows up.	Fifteen-year-old Mason Ketly has a rare brain tumour that doctors found three months ago, and now he is going to receive pioneering cancer treatment at the UK’s first proton beam treatment centre. The proton beam can remove only the tumour and avoid damaging other parts of the brain. The new centre will help 750 people every year, and people plan to open a second one in London next year. Mason said that the machines were ‘beautiful-looking’ and ‘futuristic’, and he thinks that they will help him ‘really well’. He wants to be a doctor when he grows up. In 2014, the treatment centre was in the news when Ashya King’s parents took him out of a different hospital to take him out of the country to find a hospital that also had proton beam therapy.
This news is about six people. They are three men and three women. They move to a dome . This dome is near a volcano. The volcano is in Hawaii and it is not active. This environment is like the environment on Mars. If the people want to go outside, they must wear a spacesuit. The team will be together for one year. However, a mission to Mars will be even longer. NASA says that it can take from one to three years.	Six people from NASA, 3 men and 3 women, moved to a dome near a barren volcano in Hawaii. This simulates life on Mars. The team of three scientists, a pilot, an architect a doctor and a journalist will live in isolation for a year. If any of them want to go outside, they will have to wear a spacesuit. This mission will take a year, but NASA says that a real mission to Mars would take between one and three years. In 2011, an experiment like this happened. The experiment locked astronauts from Europe, Russia and China in small cells without windows for 520 days.	Six NASA recruits , 3 men and 3 women, have taken up residence in a dome near a barren volcano in Hawaii designed to simulate life on Mars. The team, made up of three scientists, a pilot, an architect and a doctor and journalist will live in isolation for a year while being monitored using cameras and movement trackers. Just as they would if they were on the  red planet itself, the recruits will have to wear a spacesuit any time they venture outdoors. The mission will last a full 12 months, while NASA believes a real-life human mission to Mars would take between one and three years. This is not the first time humans have prepared for just such a mission. In 2011, would-be astronauts from Europe, Russia and China were locked away in windowless, cramped  cells for a record-breaking 520 days. While the experiment was deemed a success, it’s thought it could be decades before man steps foot on Mars for real.
An earthquake hits a town in Turkey. It is a 5.5-magnitude earthquake. Four smaller earthquakes follow . Houses are damaged . Five people are injured . Thirty-five people come to help them. There are often earthquakes in Turkey.	A 5.5- magnitude  earthquake hit a town in Turkey. Buildings were damaged and five or more people injured. There were four more tremors after the strong earthquake. Four teams of 35 rescuers were sent to the area. Earthquakes are frequent in Turkey because the country lies on active fault lines . However, the recent earthquake was only around 9 kilometres deep.	A 5.5-magnitude quake hit a south eastern town in Turkey in the Adiyaman Province on Thursday, damaging buildings and injuring five with more people likely to follow. Four teams of 35 rescuers were sent to the area where four more tremors followed the main earthquake. Earthquakes are frequent in Turkey because the country lies on active fault lines , but the US Geological Survey said that the recent earthquake was very shallow, at only around 9 kilometres deep.
The company Huawei can build a part of the 5G network in the UK. Some countries believe that Huawei is not a safe company. They do not want to work with Huawei. Some of Huawei´s products can be dangerous for their countries. The UK says that Huawei can work only on a part of the network. Huawei cannot work near military bases and nuclear sites . Huawei´s work is very limited. Huawei is not happy about it. The US is disappointed with the situation. The US and the UK have a good relationship. The US is not happy that the UK wants to cooperate with Huawei.	The UK announced that the company Huawei can help build the 5G network in the UK. In the past, some countries worried that Huawei´s devices are dangerous for national security . However, Huawei said this was untrue many times. There are some limits to the work that Huawei can do in the UK. The company cannot work on some critical parts such as around military bases and nuclear sites. Huawei can also deliver only 35% of the equipment . Huawei´s top officer is not happy with this limitation because the company cannot already do business in Australia and Japan. US officials believe that Huawei is a very risky company, and it is disappointed by the UK´s decision.	The UK says that the Chinese telecom company Huawei can help build a part of UK´s 5G network. However, Huawei´s role will be limited because the company is considered a high risk seller. Huawei will not work on any critical or sensitive parts of the network, including around military bases and nuclear sites. The company is also allowed to supply only 35% of the equipment in non-sensitive parts of the network. Huawei´s chief security officer called this a very significiant limitation. The US administration said that it is disappointed by the UK´s desicion. The US has long believed that Huawei devices pose a threat to national security , and it has pressured its allies to move away from working with the company.
What does a see-through car look like? Would you like to know? Well, you are lucky. Land Rover has special new technology. There are cameras at the front of the car. They film the ground. The video is sent to a display. This display is in front of you. It shows you what is under the car! This can be very useful . You can see hidden things. Land Rover is showing the technology to people. There is an event in New York on April 16 th .	Would you like to know what a see-through car looks like? Well, you are lucky! Land Rover revealed its special invisible car technology. There are cameras at the front of the car. They film the ground and send the information to a head-up display. The display then shows you what is under the car. The technology can be very useful, especially when you are going up a steep hill, or when you are in a confined space. You can see any hidden objects. Land Rover displayed this technology in New York on April 16 th .	Ever wanted to know what a see-through car would look like? Well, you could be in luck, as Land Rover has revealed its very own invisible car technology. In an augmented  reality video, you can see Land Rover’s new transparent  bonnet technology in action, as a car bonnet becomes completely clear showing the road beneath. Cameras located in the car’s grille capture data and feed it up to a head-up display, which then effectively creates a see-through view of the ground. Land Rover says that having a see-through bonnet gives drivers a new level of awareness , showing them the engine bay , the wheels and the ground so drivers can see any hidden objects, especially as they head up steep hills or confined spaces. Land Rover is showcasing the Discovery Vision concept car in New York on April 16 th .
House prices in big cities stay at the same level . It is true for New York, London, or Sydney. It is because people can get cheap loans from banks. House prices usually go down during an economic  recession but it is not true during Covid. House prices go higher in nice areas with a lot of space and trees. People want to live there because they think that they can work from home. Now they don’t need a house near the city center. It’s also true that the prices for people who want to rent an apartment go down. It is good for them.	It’s really interesting that at the moment we see the same trends in big cities. It’s the same for New York, London, or Sydney. Low interest rates everywhere mean that house prices stay at the same level. It’s highly unusual because when there’s a global recession , people expect the house prices to go down. In the suburbs , people even offer to pay higher prices in areas with trees and more space. People want to live there because they think that maybe in the future they won’t have to live close to the city center because they won’t have to be in the office every day. It’s also true that the prices for people who are renting apartments went down.	It’s really interesting that at the moment we’re seeing the same trends in global cities. It’s the same for New York, London, or Sydney. Low interest rates everywhere mean that we’re actually seeing house prices really hold up. It’s highly unusual when there’s a global recession, and people expect the house prices to go down, which is not happening. In the suburbs , we even see bidding wars erupt in areas with trees and more space, as people are thinking that maybe they won’t need to live close to the city center anymore because they won’t have to be in the office full-time ever again. The prices for people who are renting apartments went down though .
Omar al-Bashir is the president of Sudan. He is overthrown . After this, the country is not stable. The military takes power. People protest. They want democracy. One demonstration ends badly. One hundred people die. This makes people angry. They protest in the streets. In the end, they make an agreement with the military. The people and the military will be in power for three years. After three years, people can choose their leaders. Last Thursday, somebody tries a revolution. The military stops him. They arrest 16 people. They are looking for more.	Sudan’s President Omar al-Bashir was removed from power in April. A military council took power after him, but the country is still not stable. Last month, there was a pro-democracy sit-in which led to deaths of 100 people. More people then started protesting. The protests ended and the military council is going to share power with civilians for the next three years. After the three years, people are going to choose their leaders. Last Thursday, the military council said that it stopped a coup . The military arrested 16 people, and they are looking for more.	Sudan has been in political chaos since President Omar al-Bashir was overthrown in April. A military council took power after al-Bashir’s exit, but the country has still not been stable. People protested in the streets for new leadership last month after a pro-democracy sit-in led to more than 100 deaths. People later agreed that the military representatives would share power with civilians for the next three years until elections can be held. Last Thursday, the military council said that it prevented a coup , arresting 16 current and former officers. The government said that more people were involved in the attempted coup and they were searching for them.
Yakutsk is a city in Siberia, Russia. It is the coldest place on Earth. The temperature is below zero almost all year. It can be -60 degrees Celsius there. The ground is frozen. Plants adapt to the cold. They grow close together. They grow only a few centimeters above the ground. Nikofor Ivanov lives in Yakutsk. He grows apples. The apples are very small. They are as big as berries. They are crunchy . They taste like normal apples. Ivanov harvests the apples in the past. He makes jam. It is very hard work. Ivanov picks only a handful of apples and he eats them. Birds like the apples, too.	Yakutsk is a city in Siberia, Russia, which is located about 450 kilometers south of the Arctic Circle. This place is the coldest place on Earth, and temperatures in winter can drop to -60 degrees Celsius. Yakutsk lies on permafrost, which is a soil which is frozen all year round. Plants in this area had to adapt to subzero temperatures, and so they decreased their size. Most plants grow close together, and they are only a few centimeters tall. Nikofor Ivanov grows apples which can live in the cold, and they are as big as pearls. The apples are crunchy , and they taste like normal apples. Ivanov tried to pick the apples and make jam from them. It was too difficult, and it took too much time. He never picked all the apples, so he just took a handful and ate them. He gave some apples as a gift to his friends, and birds ate the soft fruit, too.	Nikofor Ivanov lives in Yakutsk, a Siberian city built on permafrost that is located about 450 kilometers south of the Arctic Circle, and he grows a type of frost-resistant apples the size of pearls. The apples can withstand extreme weather conditions in Siberia, they´re crunchy like ordinary apples, and they taste like apples, too. Winter temperatures in Yakutsk can drop as low as -60 degrees Celsius, and the region experiences a below-zero winter climate for much of the year. Local plants had to adapt to such an environment by decreasing their size, growing close together low to the ground, and remaining small, typically only centimeters tall. Local biologists first observed this back in the 1970s when the new type of dwarf apples was born. Ivanov says that harvesting the micro apples is painstaking and laborious, and he never harvests all of them. The man tried to make jam and preparations for the winter; however, it was too difficult, so he just ate the apples by the handful.
An old woman runs a marathon. She is from the USA. It is her 15 th marathon. Her time is seven hours, seven minutes and 42 seconds. She is the oldest woman in the marathon. Her time is also the best for her age group. The woman started to run in 1999. Her friends were ill. They had  cancer . She wanted to help them. She helped them by running a marathon. This marathon helped people with cancer.	A 91 year-old American woman completed her 15 th marathon. Her time was seven hours, seven minutes and 42 seconds. She became the oldest woman to compete in the race. She also set a US record for the fastest time for a woman in her age group. The woman started running in 1999. She knew people who were ill from leukaemia . She wanted to help, so she ran in her first marathon which helped people with leukaemia. The woman is a cancer survivor herself. She has cancer in her legs.	“I’m Harriette Thompson, and I’m 91 years old, and I’m running the marathon at San Diego.” That’s right! Ninety-one-year-old Harriette Thompson ran her way into the record books on Sunday after she completed the San Diego Rock ‘n’ Roll marathon for the 15 th time. Completing the race in seven hours, seven minutes and 42 seconds, Hariette became the oldest woman to compete in the race, and also set a US record for the fastest time for a woman in her age group. The second oldest marathon runner in US history, Harriette started running back in 1999, when a friend of hers was running to raise money to fight cancer. “I started running because I had friends who were very ill from leukaemia, and a friend of mine was gathering money for the race. She was going to run for the Leukemia Lymphoma Society, and I decided, well, I could walk that, so I signed up, and I came out here in 1999 and ran my first marathon.” A cancer survivor herself, Harriette had just undergone nine radiation treatments for cancer in her legs, and at one point during the race, didn’t think she could make it to the finish line. But, despite aching legs and sapping sun during the course of her latest run, it seems that the race is far from over for Harriette, who hopes to take on next year’s competition. “When I get over that finish line, that’s the best part!”
A man sets a new record. He is from Moscow. He gives a special performance . He does three things at the same time. He stands on a big ball. He juggles with three footballs. He does “keepy uppies”. This means he moves a ball from foot to foot. The man does all of this for 14 seconds. He does 36 “keepy uppies”. The man studied at a circus school. His mother enrolled him. He started to work when he was 15.	A man set a new record. He is from Moscow and he gave a difficult performance. He is a man who can multitask . He stood on a giant ball while he juggled three footballs and did “keepy uppies”. “Keepy uppies” is when you flick a ball from foot to foot. The man did 36 of them in 14 seconds. The man’s mother enrolled him into circus school when he was a child. He has been performing professionally since the age of 15.	For those that say men can’t multitask , stop right there! This is Zhora, the amazing football juggler, who can balance himself on a giant ball, whilst juggling three footballs and do “keepy uppies” – flicking another football from foot to foot. Zhora, from the Moscow State Circus, set a new world record on Thursday by completing 36 “keepy uppies” in 14 seconds whilst juggling and balancing on the huge rolling ball. Zhora’s mum enrolled him into circus school as a child and he’s been performing professionally since he was 15. So now that the record is set, it’s up to someone else to try and break it. But the question is, can we find another multi-tasking man out there?
France is hosting the Euro 2016. France plays against to Portugal. At half time, the score is 0-0. People are angry. They set mopeds and cars on fire in Paris. The end of the match happens. Portugal scores a goal. Portugal wins. The French get angry. They go to the streets. They let off some steam . The Portuguese are in the streets, too. They are celebrating.	France is hosting the Euro 2016, and it played against to Portugal. At half time, the score was 0-0, and people lit mopeds and cars on fire in the streets of Paris. Then during extra time, Portugal scored the only goal of the game and France had no time to reply. The disappointed fans took to the streets of Paris to vent their frustration . Police fired teargas to make the people stop. There was more than disappointment in the streets, however. The Portuguese fans were also out and celebrating.	A night of chaos on the streets of Paris. This is how Euro 2016 came to a close. Disappointment started early. The 90,000 capacity fan zone at the foot of the Eiffel Tower quickly filled, but dozens of fans were left outside. With many desperate to get in and fears of overcrowding, police took to using teargas to try and disperse the crowds. At half time, the score was 0-0, but mopeds and cars were on fire. Then in extra time, Portugal scored the only goal of the game and France couldn’t reply. The host nation, desperate to have their spirits lifted after November’s terror attacks, had lost and disappointed fans took to Paris’s famous Champs-Elysses to vent their frustrations. Once again, police fired teargas at the crowds in an  effort to control them. But it wasn’t all disappointment on the streets. Streams of Portuguese fans were also out, but then, they had cause for celebration.
An accident happens in Italy. There is a line of cars on a road. A tanker moves to the line. It does not stop. It hits the cars. There is a fire. The tanker is carrying something flammable . After a while, there is a big explosion. Two people die in the accident. Seventy people are injured. The explosion is so strong that it leaves a hole in the road.	A tanker failed to stop ahead of a line of traffic and crashed into a lorry. Fire quickly broke out, and there was later a huge explosion. People say that the truck was carrying LPG , which is highly flammable . Two people died in the accident, and 70 people were injured. The explosion was so big that it left a hole in the road.	Security cameras captured the moment that a tanker truck failed to stop ahead of a line of traffic and crashed into a lorry. People say that the tanker was possibly carrying LPG (also simply called propane or butane) which is highly flammable . Fire broke out immediately after the crash and there was later a huge explosion. Two people died in the accident and up to 70 were injured – some with severe burns. The explosion was so powerful that part of the elevated section of the motorway collapsed.
Thousands of people protest in London, England, UK. They meet in Trafalgar Square. They do not want to wear masks. They do not like the government´s plan about the COVID-19 vaccine . The government wants to give the vaccine to all people. Most protesters do not wear masks. They do not follow the government´s rules. The police come. They try to make the protesters leave. However, the protesters throw bottles at police officers. One officer is hurt. Police arrest 32 people. Some protesters believe that COVID-19 is a hoax . Other protesters believe that the 5G network makes people sick from COVID-19. However, officials say that it is not true.	People in London, England, UK, protested against coronavirus rules and mass vaccination . David Icke was one of the people who organized the protest. Icke is a conspiracy theorist , and he asked people to come to the protest on his Twitter account. Several thousand people came to Trafalgar Square in central London. Most people did not wear masks, and they did not follow the government rules. The police came and they tried to make people leave the square. Protesters threw bottles at police, and they hurt at least one officer. Police said that they arrested 32 people. Among the protesters were people who believed that COVID-19 was a hoax . Also, there were people who believed that the 5G network caused COVID-19.	Violence broke out when police shut down a demonstration against coronavirus restrictions and mass vaccinations in central London, UK. Several thousand people gathered in Trafalgar Square for the rally; no social distancing was in place and only a few people wore masks. Therefore, police moved in to remove the crowd. Water and bottles were thrown at the officers, with at least one officer ending up injured. Among the crowds, there were 5G conspiracy theorists and coronavirus skeptics who called for government scientific advisers to be fired, and they declared COVID-19 a hoax . Conspiracy theorist, David Icke, was one of the organizers of the event, and he encouraged people to attend the event on his Twitter account.
This news is from Ukraine. It is about a town’s mayor . He meets with people. They are angry. They say that he is a liar . They are unhappy with him. The people want him to resign . The people say bad things to the mayor. He is also hit. He manages to leave the building. However, there are more people outside.	This news is from Ukraine. A town’s governor met with people. He thought that he was a good governor, but the people did not agree. They told him that he was a liar and they wanted him to resign . They attacked him verbally and physically. He managed to leave the building, but outside he was cornered by more angry people.	This video shows the moment the governor of a Ukrainian town Khmelnytskyi was confronted and attacked on Wednesday. An angry crowd  pounced on Leonid Prus who was verbally and physically attacked by local residents. Despite a police presence in the room, scuffles  broke out and video footage shows Prus being hit and carried by the visibly unhappy crowd. The crowds chanted “resign” as he stood amongst them, before the confrontation became a physical one. Prus told the crowd he believed he was fulfilling his duties, but clearly residents strongly disagreed, telling him he’d lied to the whole region. Prus was seen walking out of the office, with his jacket torn, as he managed to leave the building through the window, only to be cornered by more angry residents outside.
Civita di Bagnoregio is a small town in Italy. It is 3,000 years old. Soon it is possible that it will disappear . Civita is on a cliff . It often rains there. Strong winds and water change the rocks. They gets smaller. The town starts to collapse . The town is 152 meters long and 91 meters wide. It is three times bigger in the past. The situation is serious. Local people want to save the town. They make a special metal structure. It helps keep the walls straight. Tourists are very important for Civita. Local people can pay for the structure. They have money from tourists. Then the coronavirus changes everything. Tourists do not come. Local people hope that they will save their home.	Civita di Bagnoregio is a 3,000-year-old town in Italy. People call it a dying town because it is possible that the town will soon disappear. Civita is on a clay and volcanic rock cliff , and rain and winds changed the cliff quickly. In the past, the town was three times bigger than it is today. Now it is only 152 meters long and 91 meters wide, and people can only get there via a bridge. Local people attached hundreds of steel rods to the walls and rock, and they hoped that the rods would keep the walls straight. Civita became a popular place for tourists. In 2019, more than a million tourists visited the town and they brought a lot of money. Then the coronavirus changed everything, and people there do not have any money now. They hope that the situation will get better if Civita becomes a UNESCO World Heritage Site .	The 3,000-year-old town of Civita di Bagnoregio in Italy is Italy´s so-called dying town. It´s been reduced to a third of its original size due to erosion , earthquakes, and landslides. The town was founded by Etruscans, and it passed through the Roman era and the entire medieval period; however, the cliff is made of clay and volcanic rock, and it is always subject to rain and winds that have totally changed its appearance in recent years. The town is now only accessible via a footbridge, and it is 152 meters long and 91 meters wide. However, its inhabitants have gone to great lengths to preserve their beloved home, attaching hundreds of steel rods to the hillside rock to prevent it from collapsing. Tourism has been pivotal in the town´s struggle to survive. It went from 40,000 tourists a year in 2009 to over a million in 2019, bringing new jobs and a financial boost which helps fund the structure that holds the town up. Civita and the surrounding valley are a candidate to become a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
People find a piece of amber . They find it in northern Myanmar. The amber is 100 million years old. This find is very important. A piece of a dinosaur’s tail is in the amber. This is the first time that people find dinosaur material like this. The tail has feathers . The dinosaur looked like a chicken. There are also two ants, pieces of a plant and small bubbles in the amber.	People found a piece of amber in northern Myanmar. People think that it is nearly 100 million years old. A Chinese scientist talked about the find at the Shanghai Natural History Museum. The find is special because of what is in the amber. It is a piece of a feathered dinosaur’s tail. This is the first time that people found dinosaur material in amber. The dinosaur was a bird-like animal, and it was as big as a chicken. In the amber, there were also two ants, pieces of a plant and small bubbles.	In northern Myanmar, people discovered a piece of amber , which they believe to be nearly 100 million years old. A Chinese palaeontologist  showcased the finding at the Shanghai Natural History Museum. Encased in the amber were two ants, some plant fragments small bubbles and a part of a dinosaur tail complete with feathers. People believe that this is a tail section of a Coelurosaurian, a bird-like dinosaur that was approximately the size of a chicken. This is the first time the dinosaur material has been found fossilised in amber.
An accident happens in Colombia. There are people on a bridge. There are too many of them. They are too heavy for the bridge. The bridge overturns . Seven people die. Two of them are children. Fourteen people are injured . They go to hospital.	A suspension bridge in Colombia turned upside down. Seven people died and 14 were injured. Five of the dead were adults, and two were younger than 18. This bridge is popular with tourists. It probably turned upside down because of overload . It happened during a busy three-day holiday weekend. People carried bodies down on a zip line . The injured went to a local hospital.	A suspension bridge popular with tourists in Colombia turned upside down, killing seven people and injuring upwards of 14. It may have turned upside down due to overload during a busy three-day holiday weekend. Firefighters at the rescue scene said that the dead included five adults and two minors, but there are fears of the death toll rising. People carried bodies down on a zip line. The injured are being treated at a local hospital.
In 2002 to 2017, American soldiers are in Afghanistan. The US government sends many vehicles , guns and helicopters. America tries to help the Afghan government. Taliban soldiers fight against the Afghan government. This August, US soldiers leave Afghanistan. They leave many vehicles and guns. The Taliban quickly takes over the country. The Taliban has the vehicles and guns now. The Taliban celebrates that it has 250 new soldiers. They walk through the capital city of Kabul. They carry US guns. They fly Russian helicopters. Nobody knows how many guns and vehicles that the Taliban has.	Last week, the Taliban held a military parade in Kabul, the capital of Afghanistan. Soldiers carried US weapons, drove in US military vehicles , and flew Russian helicopters above the streets. Between 2002 and 2017, the US government sent weapons, vehicles, and aircraft to the Afghan government. For the past 20 years, Taliban soldiers fought against the Afghan government. When the US soldiers left Afghanistan in August this year, the Taliban gained control of the country, and they took some of the weapons and vehicles. Nobody knows how many the Taliban has, but it is clear that the Taliban is building a professional army .	On Sunday, Taliban forces held a military parade in   Afghanistan´s capital city of Kabul, using captured US armored vehicles and Russian helicopters. The parade showed their ongoing transformation from an insurgent force to a regular standing  army . According to a Defense Ministry spokesman, the parade celebrated the graduation of 250 new trained soldiers. The exercise involved dozens of US M117 vehicles driving slowly up and down a major Kabul road with MI-17 helicopters patrolling overhead. Many soldiers carried US M4 assault riffles. The Taliban operated as insurgent fighters for two decades. When the former Western-backed government ended in August they took the large amount of weapons and equipment left behind to improve their forces. As the US troops left, they destroyed more than 70 aircraft and dozens of armored vehicles, and they disabled the air defense. Between 2002 and 2017, more than $28 billion worth of weapons, ammunition, vehicles and surveillance systems went to the Afghan government from the US government. The Taliban also have some aircraft; however, it is unclear how many are working.
The European Union starts legal action against the UK. The UK must choose a candidate for the EU Commission. British officials say that it is not possible. There are elections in December. The UK cannot choose a candidate for the EU Commission during this time. The situation is complicated. The new European Commission cannot start working without the UK candidate. The European Commission must start on November 1. This is one day after Brexit. However, the date of Brexit changes. The new date is in January. This means that the UK is a part of the EU. It must choose a candidate for the European Commission. The UK has time to choose a candidate until November 22.	The European Union (EU) started legal action against the UK. The UK did not nominate its candidate for the EU Commission. British officials say that there are general elections in December and that the UK does not nominate people for international posts during this time. It was a plan that the new EU Commission started on November 1, one day after the Brexit. However, the new date for Brexit is in January, which means that the UK is still a part of the EU, and it must nominate a candidate for the EU Commission. The new EU Commission can start working only after all EU countries choose a candidate.	The European Union (EU) started legal action against the UK because of its decision not to name a candidate for the EU Commission. The EU Commission sent a letter of formal notice to the UK, and the UK told it that it did not name anyone due to its upcoming general elections on December 12. British authorities say that the UK does not make nominations for international appointments during this period. The new EU Commission planned to start on November 1, the day after the UK was scheduled to leave the UK. However, British lawmakers did not approve the Brexit deal, which means that the UK is still a part of the EU, and the European Commission cannot formally start until all member states choose a representative. The UK has time until November 22 to respond to the notice.
Many COVID-19 patients in the US are immigrants from Mexico and Latin America. They work in the US. They get little money for their work. They are away from their home and families. Sometimes, they cannot speak English well. These patients do not understand medical workers. They are sick. They stay alone in the hospital. It is a difficult situation for them. Hospitals want to help. They use interpreters . Interpreters translate what doctors say. Some interpreters speak with the patients on the phone or by video. It is not good. Hospital rooms are noisy. There are fans and machines. Patients cannot speak loudly. Patients feel better when interpreters come to the hospital. However, it is dangerous for the interpreters. They can get sick, too.	Many COVID-19 patients in US hospitals are immigrant workers. Often, they stay away from their families and they do not speak English very well. Some hospitals use interpreters who help these patients communicate with hospital staff. Some interpreters communicate with patients by phone or video. Such communication is difficult because COVID-19 patients have problems with speaking loudly. Also, there are noisy fans and machines in their room. That is why some hospitals prefer interpretation in the hospital room. COVID-19 patients can feel very sick, and it is very difficult for them if they cannot understand what is happening to them. Interpreters help them feel better, and they often risk their own health.	Latinos make up nearly half of all confirmed coronavirus cases in California and nearly a quarter in Illinois. I n New York City, more than a third of all COVID-19 victims are Hispanic. Some of these people have limited English skills, and hospitals use interpreters to help these people communicate with their staff. Many hospitals rely on third-party services that provide remote phone or video interpretation. However, some hospitals prioritize in-person interpretation. COVID-19 patients cannot speak very loudly, and there are fans and machines in the rooms, which makes remote interpretation very difficult. Interpreters can comfort patients who are feeling sick and do not always understand what is happening to them. There are hundreds of interpreters in US hospitals who put their own health at risk to assist patients who have been isolated from friends and families due to the coronavirus.
Many people drink alcohol. Now it seems that more people are starting to drink it less. Some people prefer to drink no alcohol. Now people open alcohol- free bars. Alcohol-free bars are good for people who want to have fun without alcohol. More people care about their health. They want to feel good. They do not want to have a hangover . People who do not drink alcohol save money, too. Sales of alcohol-free spirits grow by 30% last year. Spirits are strong alcoholic drinks like vodka, gin, or whiskey. Sales of spirits fall by 7%. It is very interesting because the coronavirus happens last year. Maybe the reason is that people want to be healthier during this time.	Many people are starting to enjoy their time with family or friends without drinking alcohol, and people are opening alcohol-free bars. You would think that more people drank alcohol during the coronavirus pandemic, but it was not true. Last year, sales of alcohol-free spirits grew almost 30%, and sales of spirits fell about 7%. There are challenges like Dry January when people do not drink alcoholic drinks for the whole month. Many people care more about their health, and they stop drinking alcohol or they drink it less. Alcohol can have a bad impact on both mental and physical health. Besides the hangover , some people can feel upset even two or three days after they drink alcohol. When people stop drinking alcohol, they feel much better, they save money, and they have better relationships.	A new wave of bars is creating a buzz without the booze as a growing number of people explore sobriety . Alcohol-free bars serving non-alcoholic beer and cocktails are popping up as global sales of non-alcoholic drinks are surging, and the category is growing ahead of its alcoholic counterparts. Last year, no-alcohol spirits grew to around 30%, whereas globally, despite the pandemic, the spirits market fell about 7%. Abstinence challenges like Dry January and growing interest in health and wellness are behind the trend. However, it´s more than people who quit drinking entirely who are indulging in a non-alcoholic drink. A lot of people want to socialize without having the hangover, without having any alcohol, or less alcohol. Millie Gooch, the founder of the Sober Girls Society, said that when she drank alcohol, she had bad anxiety for the next two to three days. She realized that alcohol had a big impact on her mental health, and when she stopped drinking alcohol, it had a positive impact on her physical and mental health, her finances, and relationships with her friends and family.
People celebrate the Chinese Lunar New Year. This year is the Year of the Goat. The Chinese live in Thailand, also. Thousands of people come to Bangkok’s Chinatown. All of them celebrate. There is a lot of food. People watch traditional dance performances from Beijing. The Lunar New Year is not a holiday in Thailand. However, many Chinese do not work on this day. They want to be with their families.	The Chinese celebrated the first day of the Chinese Lunar New Year. Around 15 per cent of Thailand’s population is Chinese. Tens of thousands of people came to Bangkok’s Chinatown to celebrate the Year of the Goat. The Lunar New Year is not a holiday in Thailand, but many Chinese people take time off to be with their families. People closed roads which surround Chinatown for two days. People set up food stalls in the area so everyone could enjoy a good feast . The celebrations also included traditional dance performances from Beijing.	Tens of thousands of people flocked to Bangkok’s Chinatown today to celebrate the first day of the Chinese Lunar New Year. As people welcomed in the Year of the Goat, roads surrounding Chinatown were closed off for two days of festivities . Food stalls were also set up along the area for people to enjoy a good feast . This year’s celebrations included traditional dance performances from Beijing. The Lunar New Year is not a holiday in Thailand, but many ethnic Chinese who make up around 15 per cent of the country’s population take time off to be with their family.
This news is from Malaysia. A man has an ostrich . He cannot keep it. It gets too big for him. He is taking it to a farm. The man and the ostrich are on a highway. The ostrich escapes . Another man films the ostrich. In the end, the ostrich gets to the farm. It is safe. It is doing well.	In Malaysia, an ostrich ran down a highway. Its owner was driving it to an ostrich farm when it escaped . The man was taking it to the farm, where the ostrich was born, because it became too big for him to keep. A man on the highway filmed a video of the ostrich and said that he visited the ostrich. It is safe and doing well.	A sprinting ostrich shocked motorists and took the Internet by storm as it ran down the federal highway in Malaysia. People could see the female bird in the right lane of the highway, leading traffic behind her. Local news outlets said that the ostrich named Chickaboo escaped from her owner Darren Chow when he was driving her to the Ostrich Wonderland’s farm in Semenyih. The owner, an animal trainer, decided to take the ostrich back to the farm where she had been originally born because she was too big for him to keep. The driver who filmed the video said that he had visited the ostrich in her new home, and she was safe and doing well.
In Spain, a babyboy falls down a borehole . People try to save him. They work for over five days. The work is very difficult. The terrain makes it hard. There are very hard rocks in the ground. People say that they will keep looking for the baby. They will stop when they find him.	In Spain, a two-year-old fell down a 110-metre borehole . People started looking for the boy five days ago. The work is difficult because of the terrain . The rescue workers are on the side of a mountain, and there are hard rocks in the ground. They say that the rescue work will not stop until they find the boy.	In Malaga, Spain, a two-year-old named Julen Rosello fell down a 110-metre borehole . Rescue efforts have been continuing for five days, and the work has been difficult due to the terrain . The rescue workers are on the side of a mountain, and there are hard rock formations that are slowing them down. Malaga’s local officials said that the rescue work will continue until people find Julen.
In England, there is another terrorist attack. This one happens in London. A van hits people on London Bridge. Then it drives towards a market. The terrorists leave the van. They start stabbing people. The police come. They shoot the two men. Seven people die. More people are injured. Theresa May, Britain’s Prime Minister, talks about the attack. She says that enough is enough. On Sunday morning, police arrest 12 people. On Monday, people come together. They pay  their  respects to the victims . London’s mayor Sadiq Khan talks. He says that London’s love is stronger than the terrorists’ hate.	On Saturday evening, a van hit people on London Bridge. The van then drove towards a market. Terrorists left the van and started stabbing people. Eight minutes after the attack began, police shot the terrorists dead. Seven people died in the attacks and many were injured. Theresa May, Britain’s Prime Minister, later reacted to the attack and said that enough was enough. On Sunday morning, police arrested 12 people in East London. On Monday, people came together in a vigil . Policemen and politicians laid flowers for the victims. London’s mayor Sadiq Khan gave a speech. He said that love will always be stronger than the terrorists’ hate.	At 10 p.m. on Saturday June 4th, police in London heard reports of a van hitting several people on London Bridge. The van then drove towards a market, where the terrorists left the vehicle and started stabbing people. Eight minutes after the attack began, policemen shot the suspects dead. The suspects were wearing what looked like explosive vests, but these were later established to be hoaxes . Seven people died in the attacks and many more were injured. Theresa May, Britain’s Prime Minister, later reacted to the attack saying that enough was enough and that taking on extremism and terrorism needed to change. On Sunday morning, police raided flats in East London and arrested 12 people. On Monday, people of all faiths came together in a vigil to honour victims of the London Bridge attack. Senior police officers and politicians laid flowers and paid their respects. London mayor Sadiq Khan led the vigil in defiance that London will never be broken by terrorism because unity and love for one another are always stronger than the hate of the extremists. He added that the attackers’ perverse  ideology had nothing to do with the true values of Islam. One attendee described how affected she was by the attack, as the people were not of a mere statistic. They were people who used to walk just like her.
This news is from Turkey. There are two types of politicians in the Turkish Parliament. One group is in power. The other group is in the opposition . The politicians talk about a new law. This law can give President Erdogan more power . The politicians in power like the new law. The politicians in the opposition do not like the new law. They talk about the new law in the parliament. The situation gets intense. They start fighting.	The Turkish politicians in power support new amendments . These amendments would give the president more power. President Erdogan likes the amendments. He says that a strong leader will make Turkey stronger. Critics fear that Erdogan will become too powerful. Politicians were discussing these amendments in the parliament when they started fighting. This was a fight between the politicians who support the amendments and the politicians who are against them.	Scuffles broke out between the ruling and the opposition legislators in the Turkish parliament during a debate over changes to the law that would expand the president’s powers. President Erdogan supports the amendments , saying that strong leadership will make Turkey stronger, but critics fear that the changes will give him too many powers with too few checks .
In the US, some schools plan to do virtual  learning . This means that students will not go to schools. Students will study at home. They will use a computer. However, it can be a difficult situation for parents. Parents must go to work. Parents cannot stay at home. Somebody must learn with the children. Asian, Hispanic and Black people often live together in a big house. More generations live in one house. Grandparents and other family members help look after the children. They can learn with the children, too. People over 65 must be careful. COVID-19 is more dangerous for them. Older people end up in hospital more often. Families must remember this. All family members must wear masks. It is important to keep the grandparents safe.	Many US schools are planning to do virtual learning this school year. This means that parents need to take part in their children´s education. For some parents, this can be a very difficult situation because they must go to work and they must learn with their children, too. In Asian, Hispanic and Black communities , it is usual that more generations live together in one house. This can be a big advantage because grandparents or other family members can learn with the children, and parents can go to work. However, there are risks, too. People over 65 can have more serious health problems if they get sick with COVID-19. They end up in hospital more often than younger people. Other family members must remember this, and they must protect the grandparents.	In the US, an estimated 64 million people live in multi-generational homes. They are most prevalent in Asian, Hispanic and Black communities, and they consist of two or more adult generations. Many of the largest school districts are switching to virtual learning, and parents may be forced to manage their work, as well as school. In such situations, extra help of other adults could be important. According to a survey, around 11% of parents said that they would rely on either grandparents or other family members for help this school year. However, there are risks, too. Before COVID-19, grandparents in multi-generational homes benefited from the physical, financial and emotional support. The hospitalization rate for COVID-19 is at least five times higher for seniors. Experts say that people who are in close contact with people over 65 should wear a mask at all times, wash their hands properly, and stay indoors as much as possible.
There are protests in London. A group called Extinction Revolution organises the protests. The protests are 1.5 weeks long. Police arrest more than 1,000 people. The activists say that their protests are working. They are very popular. Politicians know it. The activists want the politicians to make a plan. The plan is to have zero carbon emissions by 2025.	In London, there were 1.5-week-long protests organised by a group called Extinction Revolution. The police made more than 1,000 arrests. The protesters demanded actions which would help stop climate change. The activists blamed the London Stock Exchange, and they held banners in a London financial district last Thursday. One of the banners read ‘business as usual = death’, which means that doing nothing can be catastrophic for the planet. The organisation said that it made its point. One activist said that everything was very popular and politicians knew it. The Extinction Revolution wants the British government to create a program. The program would reduce carbon emissions to zero by 2025. Similar climate protests took place in New York, Berlin, Paris and at the Hague.	There have been more than 1,000 arrests during one and a half-week-long protests organised by a group called Extinction Revolution. The protesters demanded actions to address climate change, blocked the entrance of the London Stock Exchange, and held banners in a London financial district last Thursday. One of the banners read ‘business as usual = death’, meaning that doing nothing can be catastrophic for the planet. The protests and spectacles were disruptive to the city, but the organisation said that it made its point. One activist said that it had become very popular and politicians noticed. The Extinction Revolution wants the government to create a national program which would reduce carbon emission, which contribute to global warming, to zero by 2025. Similar climate protests took place in New York, Berlin, Paris and at the Hague.
This news is about cheese. In Asia, Japan is the biggest consumer of cheese. South Koreans are starting to like cheese, too. They buy more and more of it. They are starting to like Western dishes . They like pizza, for example. They also put cheese into traditional Korean dishes. Every South Korean eats around 2.4 kilograms of cheese. A Frenchman eats 10 times more.	Japan is the biggest consumer of cheese in Asia, but South Korea is one of the fastest growing markets . This is because South Koreans are starting to like Western dishes like pizza, but they also like to incorporate cheese into their traditional dishes. They say that cheese takes away the heat from spicy dishes. Per person, South Koreans eat 2.4 kilograms of cheese. It may seem like a lot, but it is only a tenth of the cheese that people eat in France.	South Koreans traditionally eat most meals with a generous dollop of the fiery local side dish kimchi , but they are also growing taste for another fermented food – cheese. While Japan is by far the biggest consumer of cheese in Asia, South Korea is one of the fastest growing markets. The USA exported fifty-three per cent of cheese to South Korea in 2015’s first nine months. New Zealand exported 13%, and the rest came from Germany, France and others. Cheese demand has been increased, thanks to exposure  to Western dishes such as pizza, but South Koreans also incorporate cheese into local dishes like noodle soup and kimchi stir-fried rice. A possible explanation is that cheese helps to take away the heat from spicy dishes. Cheese consumption is on the rise in the Asian country, but 2.4 kilograms per person per year is still nothing compared to France where people consume ten more times the cheese.
In Turkey, a train comes up to a small station. It is 6:30 a.m. The train is going from the capital of Ankara. It is going to a central city called Konya. It crashes into a train car. Then it crashes into a pedestrian overpass . The crash kills 7 people. It injures 46 people.	In Turkey, a train crashed into an engine and then into a station’s pedestrian overpass , killing 7 people and injuring 46. The incident happened at a small station at 6:30 a.m. The train was going from Ankara, the capital, to Konya, a city in central Turkey.	In Ankara, Turkey, a high-speed train collided into an engine and then into a station’s pedestrian overpass , killing 7 people and injuring 46. The incident happened at a small station called Marsandiz at 6:30 a.m. The train was going from Ankara to Konya, a city in central Turkey.
On September 11, 2001, 19 terrorists hijack four planes in the US. The planes crash in a few places. Two places crash into the World Trade Center in New York. One plane crashes into the Pentagon in Washington D.C. The Pentagon is a government building. The fourth plane crashes in a field in Pennsylvania. The Americans love trails and greenways . They cycle, run and hike on the trails. A man gets an idea. He wants to connect the three places of the attacks on 9/11. He wants to make a 9/11 trail. People can enjoy the trail. They will remember the attacks, too. Many trails are already in the US. It is not easy to connect the 9/11 trail to them. Also, about a half of the 9/11 trail is on roads. The 9/11 trail is about 1,300 miles long. People hope that the trail will be away from roads in the future.	On September 11, 2001, the biggest terrorist attack in the US happened. Terrorists hijacked four planes, and they crashed into the World Trade Center in New York and into the Pentagon, a government building, in Washington D.C. The fourth plane crashed in a field in Shanksville, Pennsylvania Only days after the attacks, David Brickley got an idea to make a system of trails that would connect the places of the attacks. The system is about 1,300 miles long, and it connects the three 9/11 memorial sites . Brickley said that the Americans love trails and greenways, and that the 9/11 trail would give them a chance to remember the attack. It was not easy to connect the existing trails to the new system. Currently, about a half of the trail is away from roads, and Brickley and his team hope that in the future, it will be completely away from roads.	Roughly 1,300 miles in length, the 9/11 trail system connects three 9/11 memorial sites in New York, Washington D.C. and Shanksville, Pennsylvania. Just days after the attacks 19 years ago, David Brickley pitched the idea of creating a trail system that would link the three locations of the 9/11 attacks. Brickley is the founder of the September 11 th National Memorial Trail Alliance, and he said that he had to find a way how to meld the Americans´ love for trails and greenways with recognizing the horrific event. According to Brickley, the biggest challenge was to find ways to connect the 9/11 trail with existing trails and to make it safe for cyclists, runners and hikers who wish to travel the entire length of the trail. Right now, approximately 51% of the trail is off-road , and Brickley and his team hope to create an entirely off-road trail.
Reindeer live in Finland. They walk freely. This is a problem. They can walk into roads. Around 4,000 animals die every year from cars. People try to solve this problem. They make a new app. When you see a reindeer, you touch your phone. You tell the phone that there is a reindeer. The app makes a warning zone. If somebody drives into the zone, the phone warns him or her. The project is already running. One thousand people have the app. There are 100 fewer accidents in 6 months.	Reindeer in Finland freely walk the land, but around 4,000 of them die on the roads every year. This is a loss for the herders , drivers, and of course, the reindeer themselves. There is a new app which is trying to save the animals and save people money. When you see a reindeer, you can just tap your smartphone. It creates a 1.5-kilometre warning zone that lasts for 1 hour. When somebody enters the zone, the phone sends out a warning. The pilot project began in June. One thousand drivers received phones with the app. So far, there have been 100 fewer accidents compared to the same period in 2013.	Reindeer in Finland freely roam the land but often find themselves on busy roads. Every year motorists kill around 4,000 reindeer. This is a loss for the herders, drivers, and of course, the reindeer themselves. In the past, herders painted the antlers of reindeer with fluorescent colours and h  ung reflectors around their necks to keep them safe, but now, like most things in life, there is an app for this. Lapland’s Centre for Economic Development, Transport and the Environment developed the app to try and save the 300,000 reindeer that freely wander the wilds of Lapland. The interactive reindeer warning smartphone app allows drivers to tap their smartphone screens to register any reindeer spotted near roads using GPS technology. This then creates a 1.5-kilometre warning zone that lasts for 1 hour, and other app users receive a warning if they enter the area. The pilot project began in June with 1,000 app-loaded smartphones delivered to professional drivers including heavy vehicles, taxis and buses. The project has seen a reduction of around 100 accidents in comparison to the same period in 2013.
Breakdance is a type of street dance. It starts in the US in the 1970s. African Americans start this dance in New York. It quickly gets very popular. It goes all over the world. A report says that more than a million break dancers are in the world. It is a big number. Many break dancers are happy now. Breakdance becomes an Olympic sport. It will be at the Olympic games in Paris in 2024. It is important news for all the community of break dancers. They will be a part of the Olympic world. Break dancers must be strong. Olympic judges will watch other things, too. They will judge style. They will judge dancers´ interesting and unusual tricks.	Breakdancing is a form of street dance and it comes from the US. The African American community created breakdance in New York in the early 1970s. It quickly became very popular and during the 1980s, it started to go all over the world. Now, officials announced that breakdance would become an Olympic sport and it would first appear at the Olympic games in Paris in 2024. The news made many break dancers very excited. An official report said that there were about a million break dancers in the world. Now, the breakdancing community will be a part of something even bigger. Breakdance is not only about how strong you are. The judges at the Olympics will judge moves and spins , but they will also watch style, rhythm, and creativity .	Breakdancing is officially an Olympic sport now and it will feature at the Paris Games in 2024. Breaking, as the dancers themselves call it, is a pillar of hip-hop culture that originated in New York in the 1970s. An official Olympic program report estimated that there were roughly a million break dancers worldwide. Logan Edra is a former gymnast and prize-winning b-girl, as female breakers are known. According to Edra, breakdancing is a beautiful form of art that deserves such recognition . Breakdancing is not the first art form to be counted as an Olympic sport; however, its inclusion has prompted some soul-searching . The breakers will be judged not only on their technical skills but also on creativity and style that requires strength, speed, rhythm, and agility .
In 2019, Qatar’s new tax starts. It is an extra tax for some products. Qatar thinks that some of these products are not good for people. Alcohol, tobacco, energy drinks and soft drinks become more expensive. People in Qatar cannot buy alcohol. Only foreigners can buy alcohol. Qatar is the organizer of the men’s football World Cup in 2022. There can be special areas where visitors can drink alcohol.	Qatar’s new tax took effect at the beginning of the year. People put it into practice on products which Qatar thinks are not good for people. The extra money from the tax will be used for public services like schools, infrastructure and hospitals. There is a 100 percent tax increase on alcohol, tobacco products, and energy drinks, as well as a 50 percent tax on soft drinks. However, the alcohol tax is only for foreigners because they are the only people who can buy alcohol in Qatar. Qatar is hosting the men’s football World Cup in 2022. The details are not known, but there might be special areas where visitors can have a drink.	Qatar has a new tax which some people call a ‘ sin tax’, and this tax took effect at the beginning of the year, and it was implemented on goods that may be harmful to human health and the environment. The extra money from the tax will go toward public services like schools, infrastructure and hospitals. Exact prices are not clear, but there is a 100 percent tax increase on alcohol, tobacco products, and energy drinks, as well as a 50 percent tax on soft drinks. However, the alcohol tax only affects foreigners living in Qatar, since they are the only people legally allowed to buy alcohol. Qatar is hosting the men’s football World Cup in 2022, and it is not yet clear how this new tax will affect foreigners who plan to visit. People suggested that alcohol could be served to visitors in special areas.
This happens on Sunday evening. In Tokyo, people on a metro are traveling home. Suddenly, something terrible happens. A man is walking on the train. He is wearing a Joker costume . The Joker is a bad person in the Batman books and movies. The man is holding a long knife. He throws something on the seats. It looks like water. People think that it is a joke. This happens on Halloween. It is not a joke. The man sets a fire on the train. He hurts 17 people. It happens near Shinjuku Station. It is the busiest station in the world. 3.5 million people travel there every day. Police catch the man. They do not know why he attacks other people. Reports say that the man wants to get a death sentence .	A man who was wearing a Batman Joker costume, attacked passengers in a Tokyo metro car. The attack happened near Shinjuku Station, the world’s busiest station, where 3.5 million people traveled every day. Some people on the train saw a man holding a knife, and he threw liquid on the seats. People thought that it was a joke because it was Halloween. Then, the man set fire on the train, and he attacked passengers with a long knife. The man hurt 17 people before police arrested him. It was not clear why the man did it, but reports said that the man wanted to kill people and to get a death sentence .	Only weeks after two men were stabbed at Tokyo’s Ueno Station, a knife and arson attack on the city‘s metro has injured 17 people and left one in serious condition. The attack happened near Shinjuku, the world’s busiest rail station with over 3.5 million daily passengers. On Sunday evening, witnesses described a man walking through the train cars, waving a blooded knife, dousing parts of the train with an unknown liquid, and then starting a fire. Before seeing the armed assailant , some people thought the fire was a Halloween joke. Police arrested the 25-year-old man, and he went into custody. The attacker was dressed in Batman’s Joker costume; however, his reasons are still unknown. Local media reported later that the man told authorities that he wanted to kill people so he could be sentenced to death.
Israel is flying to the moon. It uses a Falcon 9 SpaceX rocket. This is not a very big rocket. The trip will take long. It will take 1,5 months. The probe will go to the moon on 11 April. It is small. It is only 585 kilograms heavy. It is just a machine. No one is inside it. Israel does this to inspire young people. They want more people to study science, technology, engineering and mathematics.	Israel launched a small space craft to the moon on a Falcon 9 SpaceX rocket. The journey to the moon will be long – it will take 1,5 months. There is a quicker way to get to the moon, but Israel does not have a big enough rocket for that. This spacecraft is unmanned , and it is only 585 kilograms heavy. It is going to land on the moon on 11 April. The mission hopes to inspire students into STEM subjects.	Israel launched a small probe to the moon on a Falcon 9 SpaceX rocket. An engineer from the Israel Aerospace Industries said that it was going to be a difficult and long journey. There are quicker ways to get to the moon, but you need a powerful rocket for that (which Israel does not have). It will take the probe about 1,5 months to get to the moon. The lander weighs just 585 kilograms, and it will take advantage of gravitational forces to enter the moon’s orbit . The team received a message of good luck from space veteran Buzz Aldrin, a man who walked on the moon. The ‘Beresheet’ robotic craft, named after the Hebrew word for Genesis, is expected to land on the moon on 11 April. The mission hopes to inspire students into STEM subjects.
There is an incident at a theme park . The park is in Japan. A roller coaster stops. It stops with sixty people in it. They are in the air and upside down. They are 30 metres above the ground. In two hours, people save them. Everyone is OK.	In Japan, there was an incident at a theme park when a roller coaster suddenly stopped and left 60 people hanging in the air. They were upside down and around 30 metres above the ground. It took people about two hours to rescue them, but nobody was injured.	A roller coaster called the ‘Flying Dinosaur’ at Universal Studios theme park in Japan came to a sudden stop when the ride terminated after a safety device detected that something was wrong. It left more than 60 passengers upside down about 30 metres above the ground. After about two hours, people rescued all the passengers. No injuries were reported.
Vladimir Putin is the Russian President. He is in Sevastopol. Sevastopol is in Crimea. He enters a submarine . The submarine goes underwater. It is in the Black Sea. There are shipwrecks in the water. Putin looks at them. There are also things at the bottom of the sea. These objects are from the 11th century.	Russian President Vladimir Putin descended to the bottom of the Black Sea in a submarine. He looked at shipwrecks from the 11th century. He said that there were a lot of objects there, and that the ship wreckage could be seen very well. Several top Russian officials were at the pier in the Sevastopol port to watch their president. This was Putin’s second dive in the Black Sea. In 2011, he dove off the coast of southern Russia.	Russian President Vladimir Putin took a dive underwater in Crimea. He descended to the bottom of the Black Sea to look at shipwrecks from the 11th century. Putin said over the radio: “There are simply so many interesting things here. There are so many objects scattered around. The ship wreckage can be seen very well, and specialists say there will be a lot of work to do here.” Several top Russian officials, including Russia’s Prime Minister, Defence Minister, Senate Speaker and Putin’s Chief of Staff were at the pier in the Sevastopol port to watch the Russian president’s latest stunt . This was Putin’s second dive in the Black Sea. In 2011, he dived off the coast of southern Russia. Underwater footage showed him finding and bringing to the surface two vases dating back to the 6th century. His spokesman Dmitry Peskov later admitted the diving stunt broadcast was staged and Putin did not find the vases himself.
From 1968 to 1998, a conflict happens in Northern Ireland. Some people want Northern Ireland to be a part of Britain. Some people want Northern Ireland to be a republic. The British leaders put in a government to help the situation. It does not help. People join paramilitary groups. They fight against Britain. Around 3,500 people die. In the 1990s, people see that the war must stop. They start to talk. The war stops on April 10, 1998, Good Friday.	From 1968 to 1998, there was a conflict in Northern Ireland. One side, the Unionists, wanted to keep Northern Ireland a part of Britain. The other side, the Nationalists, wanted Northern Ireland to become one with the Republic of Ireland. The British government put in a new government to bring peace, but instead, paramilitary groups started a war to try to make Britain leave. Around 3,500 people died in the fighting. In the 1990s, both sides saw that the war was not going to stop and started peace talks. Both governments of Ireland signed a deal on April 10, 1998, Good Friday.	From 1968 to 1998, a conflict called the Troubles happened in Northern Ireland. One side was Protestant Unionists who wanted to keep Ireland part of the United Kingdom. The other side was Catholic Nationalists who wanted to keep Ireland a republic. The British government put in a new government to bring back order, but in response, the IRA , a paramilitary force, started a war of attrition to try to force the UK out. Around 3,500 people died between the fighting of paramilitary and security forces. In the 1990s, both sides saw that the war was not going to stop and started peace talks. Eight political parties from Northern Ireland, the UK and Irish governments, and US President Bill Clinton were part of the talks. The deal was signed April 10, 1998, Good Friday.
Coronavirus in changing the environment . Governments make strong rules. People cannot go out. Businesses stop. Some factories close down. This has a big change on the environment. Space satellites can see some changes. The air above China is cleaner. Scientists believe that the reason is coronavirus. Italy is the new epicenter of coronavirus in Europe. Satellites see similar changes there. The quality of air gets better. Cities are cleaner, too. Venice is a famous Italian city. It has many water canals. There are many ships with tourists. Now, there are no tourists. The water is clear. People can see fish. India is one of the most polluted countries in the world. Normally, the air is very bad in India. The situation is changing. The air is cleaner. People can see the blue sky.	Space satellites can see the changes of coronavirus restrictions on the environment. In countries that are hit by coronavirus, pollution levels have dropped. Satellite images show that the levels of poisonous gasses across China have changed. Officials from European Space Agency believe that the reason is reduced industrial activity in this country. The satellite recorded the same changes across Italy. Italy is the new epicenter of the pandemic , and the changes are visible in many places. In the city of Venice, there is very little traffic, and water in the famous canals is now clear enough to see the fish. India was one of the world´s most polluted countries in 2019. Now, the sky has cleared, and air quality has improved.	The environmental impact of global lockdown measures is now visible from space. Pollution levels have dropped sharply in countries that have been hit by coronavirus. Satellite images show the fluctuations in nitrogen dioxide levels across China. A European Space Agency official said that it was certainly due to the fact that all industrial activities were reduced dramatically. The satellite recorded the same pattern across Italy, the new epicenter of the pandemic. However, changes are not visible only from space. In Venice, with less traffic, the quiet canals are now clear enough to see groups of fish. India is one of the latest nations to impose strict lockdown measures, and the effect has already become apparent. The country was home to 21 of the world´s 30 most polluted cities in 2019; however, the air quality has improved dramatically.
Queen Elizabeth II visits Malta. She meets with the Maltese president. She visits the president’s home. She plants a tree there. The Queen also comes to a meeting. It is the meeting of leaders of the Commonwealth . Justin Trudeau is Canada’s new Prime Minister. He gives a  speech . He says that he is the 12th Prime Minister of Canada during Elizabeth’s rule . Elizabeth says that he makes her feel old. Everybody laughs.	Queen Elizabeth II visited Malta. She met with the Maltese president and planted a tree in the president’s official residence . She was also there to open a Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting. Justin Trudeau is Canada’s new Prime Minister. In his speech, he said that he is the 12th Prime Minister of Canada under Elizabeth’s reign . Queen Elizabeth thanked him for making her feel so old. Everybody laughed.	Queen Elizabeth has completed her three-day official visit to Malta. During her tour of the country, she met with the Maltese president, Marie Louise Coleiro Preca, and planted a tree in the grounds of the president’s official residence – the San Anton palace. It was far from the monarch’s first visit to the country, formally calling the island home prior to her ascension to the throne in 1952. In the years since, she’s visited the country many more times. Here she is unveiling an Air Force memorial back in 1954. The visit this time wasn’t also understated as tree planting. She was also there to open a Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting. “For more than six decades of being head of the Commonwealth, a responsibility I have cherished …” Prior to the Commonwealth dinner when new Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau reminded her that he was the 12th to serve under her reign. The reminder went down well. “Thank you, Mr Prime Minister of Canada for making me feel so old!”
The Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games start last week on Friday. There will be more than 11,300 athletes from 207 countries. There is a very serious situation with the coronavirus in Japan. Many people get sick in the past weeks. A state of emergency is in Tokyo. A state of emergency means that many bad things are happening. The Japanese people are angry. They think that it is better to postpone or cancel the Olympics. Athletes start to arrive in Tokyo. They must do a COVID-19 test every day. 11 athletes are already positive with COVID-19. They must stay in a hotel room. They cannot compete . All athletes must wear a mask all the time. They must not meet each other. There will be no spectators at the Olympics.	The Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games started on Friday. More than 11,300 athletes from 207 countries will compete in 33 sports. COVID-19 cases increased quickly in Japan in the past few weeks, and officials decided to declare a state of emergency in Tokyo. Many Japanese people wanted to cancel or postpone the Olympics again, but it did not happen. Athletes started to arrive, and 11 people already tested positive for the coronavirus. These athletes must stay in their hotel rooms, and they cannot compete. Organizers say that safety is the most important thing, and athletes must follow many rules. They must wear a mask, and they must keep distance. There will be no spectators at the Olympics, and athletes will put medals on their necks themselves.	The Olympic flame for Tokyo 2020 has been lit as this year´s Olympics starts. More than 11,300 athletes from 207 nations will compete over the next couple of weeks in 33 sports. Olympic groups landed amid the threat of the infectious delta variant that has triggered case surges throughout Asia. With Tokyo in a state of emergency throughout the Olympics after a sharp increase in COVID-19 infections, the Games have come under huge criticism from the Japanese public. The majority of them said that they wanted the Olympics to be canceled or postponed again. However, safety is paramount for the organizers, and huge precautions are being taken. For the first time in history, events will be held without spectators, and winners will place their own medals around their necks. Athletes social distance in the Olympic Village, they must wear a face mask at all times, and they eat between plastic barriers in the cafeteria. Unfortunately, the virus has affected the Games already, with 11 positive cases among athletes.
Scientists carry out a study. They study people who eat chocolate, and they study people who do not eat chocolate. What do they find out ? People who eat chocolate are healthier! Chocolate helps their hearts. Dark chocolate is good for you. It has antioxidants. Antioxidants help you. They slow down ageing .	A study compared people who ate chocolate to those who didn’t. What did the study discover? In short, those who ate chocolate are healthier! They have an 11 per cent lesser risk of cardiovascular disease and a 25 per cent reduced risk of associated death. Eating up to two bars a day appears to protect against heart disease and stroke. It is known that dark chocolate has health benefits – chocolate is full of antioxidants which can help you age more slowly. However, experts say that there is no evidence that chocolate makes you healthier.	Scientists have found that chocolate need no longer be a guilty pleasure . New research by the University of Aberdeen has found that eating up to two bars a day appears to protect against heart disease and stroke. The study of 25,000 men and women in Norfolk compared people who ate chocolate to those who didn’t. Those with a higher intake were found to have an 11 per cent lesser risk of cardiovascular disease and a 25 per cent reduced risk of associated death. One in five said they did not eat any chocolate, but among the others, daily consumption averaged 7g, with some eating up to 100g a day. Although dark chocolate has long been known to have health benefits – such as being full of antioxidants which help to slow the signs of ageing – researchers say there is no evidence to prove that chocolate actually makes you healthier. Those who ate the most also tended to be younger, have a lower weight, waist to hip ratio, and blood pressure, and were less likely to have diabetes and more likely to carry out regular physical activity – all of which add up to a favourable cardiovascular disease risk profile . Eating more chocolate was also associated with higher energy intake and a diet containing more fat and carbohydrates and less protein and alcohol.
People make a TV show. This is in the Czech Republic. The TV show is a reality show. It is about living under Nazi occupation ! This is extreme . The show’s creator makes the TV show for her grandparents. Her grandparents lived under real Nazi occupation. Some people do not like this show at all. Some people want to know more. A family is going to be on the show. The family gets money at the end. However, they must be on the show for two months.	In the Czech Republic, TV producers had an extreme idea about a new reality show. Their idea was to give a family the experience of living under Nazi occupation . The show’s creator said that she made the show to honour her grandparents, who lived through the actual Nazi occupation. Also, some people think that the show will help young people understand that time. The show received criticism but people are curious about it. The family in the show will win around 26,000 pounds if they live under Nazi occupation for two months.	Reality shows often put contestants in uncomfortable positions… but in the Czech Republic, TV producers are taking that idea to the extreme. A new series called “Holiday in the Protectorate” sees a family of seven experience what it was like to live under Nazi occupation! The show’s creator says she wrote it in memory of her grandparents. “When I was a little girl they would tell me how they tried to survive, how this time period was very hard to live in, how great the fear was among the people and how varied people’s characters were. Who was more courageous, who was less courageous, who was truly cowardly and who was collaborating .” Internationally, the idea has attracted plenty of criticism but in the Czech Republic, viewers are curious. This man says the programme will show young people what living in that time was like. The majority of young people, he says, don’t have a clue about what happened. So why would anyone want to live under Nazi occupation? Well, the family will win 1 million Czech Koruna, around 26,000 pounds, if they can endure two months of hardship and Nazi interrogation .
Facebook’s drone finishes its first test flight . It is successful. The drone flies for 96 minutes in Arizona. The company hopes that the drone will bring Internet to all people. The company hopes to have many of these drones. It wants drones that can fly for 3 months without stopping. The company wants to make the drone lighter. Then it can fly for longer periods. The company hopes that it will soon break  the world record for the longest solar-powered flight. At the moment, the record is 2 weeks.	Facebook’s solar-powered drone completed its first successful test flight. The drone flew at a few thousand feet for 96 minutes in Arizona. The company hopes that the drone will help to get Internet to every corner of the planet. The company hopes to have many of these drones that can fly for at least 3 months without stopping and deliver internet access to people. The company wants to make the drone lighter so it can fly for longer periods. It hopes it will soon break the world record for the longest solar-powered unmanned flight, which is currently at 2 weeks.	Facebook’s solar-powered drone has completed its first successful test flight. The company hope it will extend Internet connectivity to every corner of the planet. The lightweight, high altitude aircraft flew at a few thousand feet for 96 minutes in Arizona. The company ultimately hopes to have a fleet of these drones that can fly for at least 3 months at a time, communicating with each other to deliver internet access. The company wants to make the plane lighter so it can fly for longer periods. They hope it will soon break the world record for the longest solar-powered unmanned aircraft flight, which currently stands at 2 weeks. But it has to go through several more test flights before this project can truly get off the ground .
Madonna is a singer. She is from the USA. She was born on 16th August 1958. Last week, it was her 60th birthday. Madonna is the biggest woman singer. She sings for 40 years. She sells 300 million records . Some of her biggest hits are ‘Like a Virgin’, ‘Papa Don’t Preach’, ‘Vogue’ and ‘Ray of Light’. She is sixty but she is still working. She has six children. She adopted four of them. They are from Africa.	Madonna was born on 16th August, 1958 in Michigan, USA, and she celebrated her 60th birthday last week. When she was 17, she stopped studying, left home and moved to New York. There she sang with some bands but later signed a contract with a record label in 1982. This started her big 40-year-long career. Some of her biggest hits are ‘Like a Virgin’, ‘Papa Don’t Preach’, ‘Vogue’ and ‘Ray of Light’. She is the biggest female solo artist of all time, selling over 300 million records. Madonna married twice and has six children; she adopted four of them from Africa.	American entertainer Madonna was born on 16th August, 1958 in Bay City, Michigan, meaning that she celebrated her 60th birthday last week. Her career in the music industry started at the age of 17 when she dropped out of college, left home and moved to New York. There she performed in several underground bands, but she later signed a contract with record label Sire Records in 1982. This marked the beginning of her 40-year career, producing hits such as ‘Like a Virgin’, ‘Papa Don’t Preach’, ‘Vogue’ and ‘Ray of Light’. During her ongoing career, she sold over 300 million records and is the most successful female solo artist of all time. Madonna married twice to Hollywood actor Sean Penn and director Guy Ritchie. She has six children, four of them that she adopted from Malawi.
A storm hits the Philippines. It is not strong enough to be called a typhoon. Many people do not get ready for the storm because of this. However, the storm is big. Seventy-one people die in the storm. Seventeen people are missing . More than 40,000 people are displaced . This storm is one of a few storms to hit the Philippines recently . Before this storm, there is Super Typhoon Mangkhut. It kills 80 people. Typhoon Yutu kills 17 people.	A massive storm struck the Philippines. The storm was not strong enough to be called a typhoon, so many people were unprepared. Seventy-one people died, 17 people are missing, and more than 40,000 people were displaced . Many people died in landslides and flooding . This storm is not the first to hit the Philippines recently. Super Typhoon Mangkhut killed more than 80 people in September, and Typhoon Yutu killed 17 people.	More than 71 people are dead, 17 missing, and more than 40,000 were displaced after a massive storm struck the Philippines. One of the country’s officials said that the storm was not strong enough to be rated as a typhoon, so many people were unprepared. Dozens of them died in landslides and flooding caused by the heavy rains. The country already suffered a number of deadly storms recently – Super Typhoon Mangkhut killed more than 80 people in September and Typhoon Yutu killed 17 more.
It rains heavily in central Italy. A sinkhole appears . A car falls into it. People do not find anyone dead.	After heavy rainfall, a huge sinkhole opened up in a town in central Italy, and swallowed a car. No bodies were found.	In central Italy in the town of San Felice Circeo, a huge sinkhole swallowed up a car after heavy rainfall in the region. No bodies have been found.
The coronavirus is in Italy. The situation is very bad. More than 230,000 get sick. 33,000 people die from the coronavirus there. Now, it seems that the situation is getting better. People from some countries can travel to Italy again. Restaurants and pubs open. People can go out. People can have fun with friends. Italians are very lively and happy people. They love to meet other people. They spend their free time in the streets. During the coronavirus pandemic , this is not possible. Italians are very sad. The streets are empty . Now, Italians feel free again. However, they know that they must follow some rules. It is very important that the coronavirus does not come back. Officials hope that tourists start to return to Italy.	Italy was among the most affected countries by the coronavirus in Europe. More than 230,000 people became sick, and more than 33,000 people died. Now, it seems that the situation is getting better. On Wednesday, Italy opened its borders to tourists from neighboring countries. It was very difficult for Italians to stay at home during the coronavirus pandemic . Italians are very lively and sociable ; they love to go out, eat in restaurants, and meet friends. Now, they are starting to live normal lives again, and they are happy about it. It is necessary to follow some rules that stop the spread of the coronavirus; however, Italians feel free and full of hope. Currently, there are about 600,000 holiday bookings in Italy. The number is not very high; however, officials believe that it is the start of better times.	In Italy, the coronavirus pandemic sickened more than 230,000 people, and it claimed more than 33,000 lives. Infections are now down dramatically, and on Wednesday, Italy opened its borders to travelers from neighboring European countries. The capital city, Rome, is beginning to spring back to life , which makes Italians feeling liberated . Rome is a city of people, who love to go out, eat good food, drink good wine, and meet friends. People hope that the haunting times and scenes of empty streets are over. Currently, there are 600,000 reservations from around the world in Italy, which is not many; however, it is a sign of hope. Italians are free to dine and return to streets; however, it is necessary to follow social distancing rules, as officials still warn of possible risks.
The CES is the Consumer Electronic Show. It happens in Las Vegas. It starts on January 5th and ends on January 8th. There are many new cars at the show. They are concept cars . Honda’s car has a digital assistant. Its name is HANA. HANA can know your feelings. When you are happy, it plays happy music. When you are stressed, it plays relaxing music. The car is also autonomous . It can drive itself. The Oasis is another car. It has a small garden in the dashboard .	The CES is the Consumer Electronic Show. It ran in Las Vegas from the 5th to the 8th January, 2017. A big part of the show was about cars. Some cars can detect emotion, or are self-driving or have voice control. Honda’s car has a digital assistant named HANA who can detect the driver’s emotions. If you are happy, it can play happy music. If you are stressed, it may choose other music. The Honda car can also drive itself. When you do not need the car, other people can use it and you can make money. The Oasis concept car is another car and it is voice controlled and has a small garden in the dashboard .	The Consumer Electronic Show (CES) ran in Las Vegas from the 5th to the 8th January 2017, and the big part of the show was about cars that can detect emotion, or are self-driving or are voice controlled. Honda’s latest concept, equipped with a digital assistant named HANA, can detect the driver’s emotions and play appropriate music. It can also function autonomously as a ride-sharing vehicle making money for its owner while the owner is at work or asleep. If you fancy speaking to your car, the Oasis concept car might interest you as it is voice-controlled. Its rear is designed for cargo like parcels or pizzas, and there is a small garden in the dashboard to make the space more personal. If you do not want to interact much with your car, the self-driving ones will do just fine. Nissan’s Seamless Autonomous Mobility system will help autonomous vehicles make decisions in unpredictable situations.
Alexander Lukashenko is a leader of Belarus. People think he is the last dictator in Europe. Lukashenko has total power over the country. Lukashenko becomes the president of Belarus in 1994. He wins the election six times. It is very difficult for other people to win. This week, Lukashenko wins his sixth election . Many people are angry. They protest in the streets of the capital city and in other cities, too. People do not believe the results. People say that officials change the results. Lukashenko´s opponent is a woman. She is an English teacher. She is not a skilled official. Some people from her team end up in prison last weekend. Two more opponents have problems, too. One of them is in prison. The other opponent and his family leave the country.	Alexander Lukashenko is a leader of Belarus, and he is considered the last dictator in Europe. He has been the president of Belarus since 1994, and this week, he won his sixth election. Thousands of people filled the streets of the capital city, Minsk, and many other cities. People protested against the result of the election, and they said that officials manipulated the results. Lukashenko won over 80% of the votes. The opposition leader, Svetlana Tikhanovskaya, said that she had different information. Tikhanovskaya is and English teacher, and she is not a skilled politician. Eight members of her staff ended up in prison last weekend.	Europe´s last dictator and Belarus authoritarian leader, Alexander Lukashenko, has won his sixth term in office, with over 80% of the votes. Thousands of people took to the streets of the capital, Minsk, and other cities in the country to protest the early vote count because they believe that it has been officially manipulated. The main opposition challenger, Svetlana Tikhanovskaya, disputed the election results, and she claimed that she had absolutely opposite information. Tikhanovskaya is an English teacher with no political experience, and she came under heavy pressure as eight members of her staff were arrested over the weekend. Protesters have been taking to the streets for weeks, as the two main opposition leaders were denied places on the ballot . One of the leaders was jailed, and the other one fled to Russia with his children.
This news is not good. It is from Bamako. Bamako is the capital of Mali. Islamic extremists attack a hotel in Bamako. They kill and hurt many people. The extremists take hostages . Some people run away. Others say words from the Koran, and the extremists let them go.	Islamic extremists attacked a luxury hotel in Mali’s capital of Bamako. The extremists killed and hurt dozens of people. The gunmen took hostages , but many of them escaped early on. The extremists freed other hostages after they showed that they could recite verses from the  Koran . The gunmen do not have any hostages now. There is no connection between the attacks in Paris a week ago. François Hollande promised to help Mali.	This is the moment a hostage is freed from a luxury hotel in Mali. Dozens of people were killed and wounded in an attack on the Radisson Blu Hotel in the capital Bamako. Malian officials say the gunmen do not have any more hostages. It’s thought some hostages escaped early on and others were freed after showing they could recite  verses from the Koran. Here we see Mali special forces in the lobby of the hotel. At the foot of the stairs, hidden beneath a blanket, is a body. It appears this is another act of violence carried out by Islamic extremists. There is as yet no established link with the attacks in Paris one week ago that killed 130 people. François Hollande has promised Mali support and solidarity .
The weather in Brazil is not good in the past months. It is too warm and dry. Farmers worry about their crops . Then the situation changes. It starts to rain. The ground gets wet . Farmers are happy. They quickly start to plant corn and soybean . They put seeds in the ground. Corn and soybean are the most important plants in Brazil. Many countries in the world buy Brazilian corn and soybean. It seems that it will rain more in the coming weeks. It is great news for farmers. They believe that next year will be very good for them.	Farmers in Brazil started to plant corn and soybean , and it seems that next year´s crops will do very well. In recent months, the weather in Brazil was very dry, and farmers did not expect that it would change. Then it did. It started to rain a few weeks ago, and the ground got wet. It was very good news for farmers, who quickly started planting. If the rain continues to come, next year will be very good for Brazilian farmers. The weather looks good, and it seems that it will rain in the coming weeks. Farmers believe that next year will be special, and their crops will do better after many years.	Corn and soybean planting has begun in Brazil, and the speed of planting in regard to both crops has been quick. A large part of the country dealt with massive ground moisture deficits in recent months; however, a change toward a wetter pattern in the weather in recent weeks has been hugely positive for both the planting speed and for how many crops they can grow. Acreage of both crops will grow to record level this year, given the recent rains and additional rains to come. Most experts agree that the potential for record Brazilian corn and soybean crops will remains  intact . Both the US and Brazilian governments continue to estimate that record crops will be harvested in 2022, and they say that acreages may hit very high levels.
Nestlé is a Swiss multinational food and drink company. It is the largest food company in the world. The company also makes ice cream. In recent years, its ice cream business in the US is not very successful . Nestlé decides to sell its US ice cream business to a company called Foneri. Foneri is one of the largest ice cream producers in the world. It wants to buy Nestlé next year for $4 billion dollars. It is a big deal. Nestlé hopes that its ice cream business can grow again. Americans eat about 23 pounds of ice cream every year. This is the highest number for one person in the world.	The world´s largest food company, Nestlé, is selling its US ice cream business to Foneri, one of the world´s largest ice cream companies. The two companies want to make business together, and Nestlé hopes that this move can revitalize the business because the sales of Nestlé´s ice cream fell in recent years. Foneri plans to buy Nestlé´s ice cream business in spring 2020 for about $4 billion dollars. According to statistics , Americans eat 23 pounds of ice cream each year, which is more per capita than in any other country in the world.	The company Nestlé is selling its US ice cream business to a joint venture , Foneri, in a deal worth about $4 billion dollars. The sales from Nestlé´s ice cream business have decreased by 4 percent since 2010. Foneri is one of the world´s largest ice cream companies, and Nestlé is hoping to revitalize the business. The sale to Foneri will take place in the first quarter of 2020; however, Nestlé will continue to manage ice cream businesses in Canada, Latin America and Asia. The International Dairy Food Association says that ice cream is an $11 billion industry in the US. Americans eat 23 pounds of ice cream each year, which is more per capita than anywhere else in the world.
A monkey is born. It is a boy. He is 460 grams heavy. When he gets older, he will be 30 kilograms heavy. He is a gelada baboon. This type of monkey is special. This type of monkey eats grass. Gelada baboons are also called bleeding-heart baboons. Why? They have some red skin on their chests . The baby baboon lives at the Bronx Zoo. This zoo is in New York, USA.	A gelada baboon was born last fall and now was unveiled for the first time at the Bronx Zoo in New York. He weighed only 460 grams at birth, but he will reach 30 kilograms as a full-grown adult. He is America’s first gelada baboon born in 13 years. The Bronx Zoo is the only zoo in America which exhibits these baboons. They are also known as bleeding-heart baboons for their red patch of skin on their chests. The baboons are special among monkeys because they are graminivorous – they feed mainly on grasses.	Monkeying around for the first time, this is America’s first gelada baboon in 13 years. The baby male was unveiled at the Bronx Zoo, however, he doesn’t have a name just yet. But the event was worth celebrating, as it marked the first birth of a gelada in the US since 2002. The baby was born last fall to a gelada female named Fayola. The Bronx Zoo is the only zoo in America that exhibits the animals. The Old World monkeys are also known as bleeding-heart baboons for the characteristic red patch of skin on their chests. They are unique among primates for being graminivores – feeding primarily on grasses. The baby baboon weighed only 460 grams at birth, but is expected to reach 30 kilograms as a full-grown adult.
It is World War I. There is a big battle . It is at a place called Gallipoli. It is in Turkey. Many soldiers die there. About 130,000 soldiers die. Some soldiers are from Australia. Some soldiers are from New Zealand. This is the first time that the countries go to war. This shows that they are independent from England. This is important for the countries. Now it is 100 years later. It is April 25, 2015. People commemorate the battle at Gallipoli.	During World War I, there was a big battle at Gallipoli in Turkey, in which about 130,000 soldiers died. Australia and New Zealand were part of this battle, and it was the first time that the countries went to war. The people of these countries were proud because it showed that they were separate from England. Now, it is 2015. Many people visit Gallipoli from Australia and New Zealand as a pilgrimage to honour the soldiers who died there. On April 25, people commemorated the battle from 100 years ago. They call April 25 Anzac Day.	Thousands of people from Australia, New Zealand, and Turkey gathered on Saturday, April 25, on the shores of Gallipoli, for dawn services commemorating the 100th anniversary of one of the bloodiest battles of World War I. The fighting would eventually claim more than 130,000 lives. Gallipoli was the first time that soldiers from Australia and New Zealand fought under their own flags, and it’s seared in the national  consciousness as a point where the nations came of age , emerging from the shadow of the British Empire. The Prince of Wales attended the event, along with his son, Prince Harry. “‘But if I am to die, know that I died loving you, with my whole heart and soul, dearest wife that a man ever had.’ Here today we remember his sacrifice and that of all those, who served and suffered in this faraway place on the other side of the world from the antipodes .” The area has become a site of pilgrimage for visitors from the two countries, who honour their fallen in graveyards halfway around the world on Anzac Day each year.
There is a new shopping centre in Mexico City. Some people do not like it. They say that it takes up open space . There are problems with the centre. It is not built well. The ground moves under it. On Thursday, there is an incident . The building is not stable . People must leave. Later, they are outside. They watch it fall down. Only a part of the centre falls down. It is still shocking.	In Mexico City, there is a new shopping mall , but there are problems with it. First, some people do not want it there because they are worried about the loss of open space. People built the mall and opened it, but then there were more problems. The ground under the building moved and last Thursday, there were structural problems. People from the mall and a nearby highway had to evacuate. Later, they were shocked to see part of the building fall down.	A newly opened shopping mall in Mexico City partly collapsed last Thursday. Luckily, shortly before the incident, people evacuated the facility and a nearby highway. The building is controversial, and its construction angered residents who are worried about the loss of open space. The mall already suffered several damaging subsoil slides before the collapse.
Notting Hill is a district in London. The Notting Hill Carnival takes place there every year. It is Europe’s biggest street party. It is the second biggest carnival in the world. The carnival begins in the ’60s. Only a few hundred people come. It grows bigger every year. This year is its 50th. Two million people come. The weather is nice. Everybody has a good time. There are 9,000 police officers at the carnival. They protect the people. They try a face recognition technology. This technology can find “bad” people.	Notting Hill is a district in North-west London. It is the place of the annual Notting Hill Carnival. It is Europe’s biggest street party and the second biggest carnival in the world. It began in the ’60s when only a few hundred people came. It grew bigger every year and two million people came this year. The weather was nice and everybody had a good time. There were also 9,000 police officers who kept the people safe. One policewoman explained that they were trying a face  recognition technology there. It would identify people who should not be at the carnival.	Notting Hill is a district in North-west London and the place of the annual Notting Hill Carnival. It is Europe’s biggest street party and the second biggest carnival in the world. It began in the ‘60s with only a few hundred attendees , but it has grown into a massive party. This year’s carnival was the 50th, and an estimated two million people came. The weather was nice and everybody had a good time. However, there were also 9,000 people who were there to work – police officers. Some of them were involved in the fun, but they were there to keep people safe. One policewoman explained that they were trialling a face recognition technology there, which would identify people who should not be at the carnival.
A pipeline is a long pipe that moves oil. A pipeline moves oil in the Gulf of Paria, Trinidad, and Tobago. An accident happens in early August. The pipeline starts to leak . There are hundreds of oil spills in the sea. An oil company sends a big boat there. The boat makes circles in the oil. The oil goes to the bottom of the sea. Local fishermen are very angry. They say that the oil company must clean the sea. Many different animals and plants are in the sea. Oil is very dangerous for them. It makes bad changes on the food chain . People can have big health problems if they eat the fish.	A group of fishermen was angry when they found a large oil spill in the Gulf of Paria in Trinidad. A damaged pipeline started to leak in early August, and the fishermen did not like how an oil company dealt with it. A big boat came, and it drove around. It made circles in the oil, which then started to go to the bottom of the sea. It was very dangerous for fish and other animals. It damaged fishing nets, too. Officials said that there were hundreds of oil spills. The accident happened in one of the most biodiverse areas of Trinidad and Tobago, and if people eat the fish, they could have big health problems.	A group of fishermen were outraged when they came across a large oil spill with thick clumps covering the Gulf of Paria in Trinidad, after a new leak along a crude pipeline in early August. Gary Aboud and Fishermen and Friends of the Sea documented the spill, and they criticized the clean-up attempt by the oil company Paria Fuel Trading. They called for the company to contain the oil and collect it instead of dispersing it with boats. Hundreds of oil spills have been recorded in one of the most biodiverse areas of Trinidad and Tobago. Big ships drive around and make circles in the oil to clean it; however, this makes the oil go to the seabed where it causes enormous damage, and it contaminates the food chain.
Anak Krakatau is a volcanic island. It is in Indonesia. It erupts . It causes an underwater landslide . The landslide makes a tsunami. The tsunami hits on Saturday 22nd. At least 420 people die. Around 150 people are missing. We do not know if they are OK or where they are. Around 1,400 people are injured. Over 900 homes are destroyed. Around 16,000 people must leave because of danger.	Anak Krakatau is a volcanic island in Indonesia which erupted and caused an underwater landslide which then caused a tsunami. The tsumani hit on Saturday 22nd. At least 420 people died, 154 people are missing, and 1,400 people were injured. Over 900 homes were destroyed and 16,000 people had to leave. The undersea volcano is highly active – there could be more tsunamis.	The eruption of Anak Krakatau, a volcanic island in Indonesia, triggered an underwater landslide which then caused a tsunami. At least 420 people are confirmed dead, 154 people reported missing, and 1,400 people injured after the tsunami hit on Saturday 22nd. More than 16,000 people were displaced and over 800 homes were destroyed. People have been warned that even more tsunamis could soon strike because of the undersea volcano’s high activity.
A tropical storm moves across Bangladesh. At least 24 people die. It injures many people. Fifty people must go to hospital. It uproots trees. It damages houses. It buries people under trees and houses. Electricity kills some people. It is spring. There are storms in Bangladesh every spring. This storm is the first storm of this year.	A tropical storm swept across Bangladesh. It killed at least 24 people and it injured a lot more – hospitals around the country admitted 50 people. The storm uprooted trees and damaged houses. It buried most of the victims under collapsed houses and trees. Electrical wires fell down and the electricity killed some people. This was the first big storm of the spring storm season this year.	A severe storm sweeping across Bangladesh has killed at least 24 people and injured dozens more. Bogra District, in the northern part of the country, 228 kilometres from capital Dhaka, was worst hit, as the tropical storm ripped through the region overnight, leaving a trail of destruction. According to police and officials , women and children were among the dead, who included some victims in Dhaka, and more than 50 people were injured and admitted to hospitals around the country. Bogra’s Chief District Administrator told reporters the storm killed at least 14 people alone in his district. Several houses were damaged while trees were uprooted, he said, adding the power supply had been cut off for several hours. Victims died after they were buried under collapsed houses and trees, while some were electrocuted by electrical wires from fallen poles . Weather officials have said this was the first severe storm of the usual spring storm season following a weather  pattern that develops in the Bay of Bengal during the summer.
In Dubai, two men get in a helicopter. The helicopter flies over Dubai. Then they jump out of the helicopter. They wear wings . Jets make the wings stay up in the air. The men fly over Dubai. They do stunts . They hold their hands out. They look like two Supermen. They stop flying after ten minutes. They have parachutes. The parachutes help them go down slowly.	High up above Dubai, two men jumped out of a helicopter wearing wings powered by jets . Then they flew over the city for ten minutes and did dives , did acrobatic stunts , and held their hands out in front of them to show a superman pose. After ten minutes of flying, they used parachutes to come back gently to the ground. This was the first time that this happened in Dubai.	With jet-powered carbon fibre wings strapped to their backs, jetmen Yves Rossy and Vince Reffet soared over the skies of Dubai on Tuesday. The daring duo has described the stunt as the first-ever twin human formation above the city’s famous palm-shaped island. They jumped out of a helicopter, powered their wings, and flew for ten minutes over Dubai’s skies, diving and performing acrobatic stunts. They even managed to hold superman poses during flight before pulling their parachutes and gently floating back down to the ground.
Supermarkets go green. Green means that their business is more friendly to the natural world. Tesco is Britain´s biggest supermarket. The company has a plan. The company wants to be carbon neutral by 2035. The company must change many things. Some products can be more expensive. Customers do not like it. Only a few customers care about the natural world. Most customers care about prices. Investors say that supermarkets must go green. Investors are people who put their money into businesses. Then, they make money. Investors want to make money. It is a very difficult situation for supermarkets. Tesco is changing now. The company uses less plastic. It uses new ways of farming. These ways use less water. It sells unwashed potatoes. These potatoes can stay longer on shelves.	Supermarkets are trying to be more environmentally friendly, but it is not an easy task. Customers do not want to pay more money, and investors do not want lower profit . Tesco is Britain´s biggest supermarket, and the company has a plan to be carbon neutral by 2035. It is very difficult, as only a few customers care about the environment, and they will pay more money for environmentally-friendly products. Most people care only about the price and not about the environment. Investors believe that it is important to go green, but they do not want to lose money. Tesco believes that it is possible to reach its goal. The company uses less plastic, uses farming which needs less water, and sells unwashed potatoes which last longer on shelves.	The pressure is on for supermarkets to improve their environmental credentials . However, customers and investors are often reluctant to accept higher prices or lower income as a trade-off . According to the CEO of Britain´s biggest retailer Tesco, the industry is facing challenges as the company is shifting to net zero emissions. Ken Murphy said there was a small amount of very committed customers who were willing to pay more; however, the majority of people weren´t. Customers expect companies to find ways to innovate and to make sustainable products affordable. On the other hand, investors insist that supermarkets increasingly focus on environmental goals; however, they don´t want a lower income on their investment as a result. 102-year-old Tesco has planned to hit a net zero carbon target by 2035 by using renewable energy, cutting plastic, and encouraging more sustainable diets. The company turned to vertical strawberry farming to cut water use, and it introduced unwashed potatoes that have a longer shelf life.
The four biggest wireless network companies in the US have a problem. They do not keep people´s data safe. They give information about people´s real-time locations to other people. People do not know about it. In the past, a special group warns the companies. The companies must protect people´s data better. However, it does not happen. Now, the companies must pay a lot of money. The company T-Mobile must pay more than $91 million dollars. Some officials are not happy with the group. They say that the group is slow. They say that people´s data must be safe.	The four biggest wireless network operators in the US must pay a fine . The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) asked them to pay more than $200 million dollars. The FCC says that these companies did not protect their customers´ data. They gave information about customers´ real-time locations to somebody else. The problem is that customers did not know about it. An FCC official said that the company T-Mobile could pay the highest fine. The company could pay more than $91 million dollars. In the past, the FCC warned the companies that they must keep their customers´ data safe. However, it did not happen, and the FCC said that the companies were in trouble. Some officials say that it is very important to keep people´s data safe. They say that it took FCC too long to punish the companies.	The Federal Communications Commission (FCC), wants the four biggest wireless carriers to pay more than $200 million dollars. The reason is that these companies failed to protect customers´ privacy. Reports say that the companies AT&T, T-Mobile, Verizon, and Sprint shared customers´ real-time locations with third parties without their consent . The FCC chairman said that T-Mobile could pay the highest fine of more than $91 million dollars. These companies were warned in the past that they must take precautions to keep real-time location data safe. However, they have not done that and that is the reason why the FCC is taking strong enforcement action against them. Some officials criticize that the process took too long. They say that Americans´ privacy and security deserve the highest level of protection and that did not happen.
A truck and a Formula One car go fast. They drive next to each other. The truck drives onto a ramp . It jumps in the air. It jumps 83 feet (25 metres). When it is in the air, the F1 drives under it. This is very dangerous. The Formula One only has a few seconds. People film everything. They use this video as an advert .	The video of a dangerous stunt became very popular on the Internet. A truck and a Formula One car went fast alongside each other, and then the truck drove onto a ramp and jumped. As the truck was in the air, the F1 drove under it. The truck jumped 83 feet (25 metres), and the F1 car only had seconds to do the trick. People created the stunt as an advert . One of the men worked on famous movies, like the Fast and Furious and Terminator 2.	Are these the bravest drivers ever? Stuntman Martin Ivanov could have been crushed during this world record-breaking stunt , if the slightest thing went wrong. Another stuntman, Mike Ryan, who has worked on the Fast and Furious and Terminator 2 films, got behind the wheel of a truck and jumped it 83 feet and 7 inches (around 25 meters), as Ivanov, in a Formula One Lotus car, swerved underneath. The footage of the giant truck jumping over the moving racing car has gone viral , and it is 100 per cent real . Both the truck and car sped alongside each other in Suffolk and as Ryan’s truck lifted itself up the ramp and into the air, Ivanov can be seen smoothly swerving underneath. The nerve-wracking stunt was created as an advert for EMC Technology and the Lotus F1 team.
The Titanic is a ship. People finish working on it in 1912. It leaves from England. It is going to the USA, but it hits an iceberg . The ship sinks . Around 1,500 people die. A Chinese firm is building a model of the Titanic. The model is as big as the original Titanic. It can simulate the sinking, too. The model is not cheap. It costs 1 billion yuan (around $146 million). People can visit it in 2017.	A Chinese investment group is building a life-size replica of the Titanic. The original ship sank on its maiden voyage in 1912 and killed 1,500 people. The replica will not just be a museum. It will offer visitors a simulation of the ship’s collision with an iceberg and its sinking. The replica is going to cost more than 1 billion yuan (around $146 million) and it will not be finished until the end of 2017.	With confetti flowing and crowds gathering , the keel laying ceremony for the construction of a life-size replica of the Titanic was officially marked. Star Energy Investment Group will build the replica of the iconic ship that sank on its maiden voyage in 1912, killing 1,500 people, and it will not just be a museum. It will offer visitors a chance to experience the simulation of the original Titanic’s iceberg collision and sinking. This is no cheap feat . The Chinese investment firm is going to pay more than 1 billion yuan (around $146 million) and the replica is unlikely to be finished until the end of 2017.
This news is about the Internet in Ethiopia. There are protests in some areas in Ethiopia in 2018. The Internet is off in these areas. Last week, the Internet is off again. It is down for a week. People do not know why. Some people think that it is because of students. They think that no Internet can stop students from cheating . The country’s Internet provider says that it is going to give money to people. The country loses money in the outage , too. People say that Ethiopia loses around $17 million.	The Internet was down for a week in Ethiopia and people restored it last Tuesday. The country’s service provider said that it would credit people who did not have Internet. It also said that the state lost around $17 million. People do not known why the Internet went down. Some think that someone turned it off to stop students from cheating on national exams. This also has happened before. In 2018, there was no Internet for months in areas of Ethiopia where people were protesting.	People restored Internet and text messaging services like WhatsApp and Telegram in Ethiopia last Tuesday after the country was offline for a week. The country’s mobile service provider told CNN that the company would credit customers for services that were affected during the web blackout . The country’s economy also hurt from the outage – people say that the country lost around $17 million. This was another time that the Internet has been shut off in Ethiopia – in 2018, people turned it off for months in areas that had unrest. It is not clear what caused the shut down, but some people think that this one occurred to prevent students from cheating on national exams.
Countries in West Africa want to do business together. They make a union . They support each other. Last year, Nigeria closes its border. Nigeria wants to reduce  imports and exports . The country also wants to stop the illegal transport of things. This is a big problem for the other countries. Nigeria has the biggest economy in Africa. Many countries need to do business with Nigeria. They depend on it. West African countries want to know what this does to their money. They make a group. The group must study the situation in all countries. It must write a report about it. Nigerian officials hope that this does not take a long time to write the report.	Last year, Nigeria closed its border. The reason was that Nigeria wanted to reduce imports and exports. The country also wanted to stop smuggling of products such as rice. West African countries want to find out what the closure is doing. They agreed to make a special group called a committee. Nigeria is the largest economy in Africa and many countries depend on it. Nigerian officials said that the committee must study the situation in all of Nigeria´s neighbors and write a report about it. There is no deadline for the report; however, the officials hope to do it quickly.	The Economic Community of West African States, ECOWAS, will open an investigation to explore the impacts of Nigeria´s border closure. ECOWAS promotes economic integration of its member countries, and heads of the states agreed to form a committee that will look into the impact that the closure has had on Nigeria´s neighbors. Nigeria´s plan was to limit imports and exports and to stop the smuggling of goods such as rice. However, surrounding countries rely on goods from Nigeria, and the border closure has affected their economies. A spokesperson for Nigeria´s president said that the committee will study the impacts and make a full report about them. There is no deadline for the report, but Nigerian officials said that it will be done as soon as possible.
Holi is a Hindu festival. People celebrate it every year. It happens on the last day of the full moon . Holi is a symbol that good wins over evil. It is also the time when winter ends. To celebrate, people throw colourful powders . Women also throw sticks at me. Everybody comes to the festival. It brings people together.	People celebrate the Hindu festival of Holi every year on the last day of the full moon to symbolise the victory of good over evil and to mark the end of winter. To celebrate the festival, people throw colourful powders, and women also throw sticks at men or beat them! People from different communities celebrate the festival. It brings them together.	On the last day of the full moon, people celebrate the Hindu festival of Holi every year. People say that it signifies the victory of good over evil, and it marks the end of winter. To mark the festival, people throw colourful powders, and women hurl sticks at men and beat them. People from different communities and castes celebrate the festival and come together to strengthen their bonds .
Tiananmen Square is in Beijing in China. In 1989, some people protest there. They want democracy and human rights . The Chinese government does not want these protests. They attack the people. Many people die. Now it is 30 years after these events. Some people talk about the Tiananmen Square protests. One man from the Chinese government says that attacking the people was good. One man from the American government says that the protesters were heroes. He says that China does not respect human rights.	In 1989, the Tiananmen Square protests were protests for democracy and human rights in China. The Chinese government responded violently to these protests. It is not known how many people died, but people say that it is something between a few hundred to a few thousand of people. Now it is 30 years after the events at Tiananmen Square. Recently, China’s defence minister said that the violent response was the right move and that it was good for the stability of the country. The US Secretary of State also talked about the Tiananmen Square protests. He said that the protesters were heroes, and he criticised China for not respecting the human rights. One of the examples that he gave was that China arrested more than 1 million Muslims recently.	This year is the 30th anniversary of the student-led 1989 Tiananmen Square protests which called for democracy, human rights, and an end to corruption in China. Ahead of the anniversary, China’s defence minister said that the violent response to the protests was the right move, arguing that it helped bring ‘stability’ to the country during a politically turbulent time. It is not known how many were injured and wounded in the crackdown exactly, but people say that the number of dead range from several hundred to several thousand people. The US Secretary of State , Mike Pompeo, called the actions of the protesters ‘heroic’ and criticised China’s history of human rights abuses . One of the examples that he gave was China’s recent arrests of over 1 million Muslims.
People are unhappy in Syria. This is in March 2011. They do not like their government . They start to fight against it. Other Syrians do not want to be around the fighting. They leave to other countries. They become refugees . One country that they go to is Jordan. The people in Jordan want to help them. They want to help the children. The children are sad. They do not act like children. People help them play football. Playing football makes them feel better. They act like children. They forget about their problems. They feel more normal.	In March 2011, about 3.8 million people left Syria as an uprising began against the government, and they went to camps in many countries, including Jordan. People at one camp in Jordan help the refugees , especially the children and young people, by encouraging them to play football. A woman who helps at the camp explained that the children need to play and be kids so that they can feel better about themselves. She said that they need to forget the bad things that happened to them. Playing football gives them hope that they can feel normal and happy again.	For these children in Jordan, the reality of everyday life can sometimes look bleak . Most have lost someone close to them, and for them, simply playing football can provide a welcome break. The Asian Football Development Project has played a huge part in giving not only children, but also young men and women, a glimmer of hope in what for many are desperately hard and unforgiving surroundings. Their work is benefiting the many traumatised children at the Zaatari camp in Jordan. “It helps improve their lives and also helps to just know to forget about what is happening, kind of, at least at the time of the football activity, and also give them some more self-esteem about themselves, and also, just as I’m always saying, ‘just be kids and play as a kid,’ because some of them have really lost this because, you know, they have been through so many kind of hard times in their lives, so some of them are not really kids. They’re not acting as kids, so it’s good for them just to be kids and play as every kid in the world.” An estimated 3.8 million displaced Syrians have fled their homeland since the uprising against the Al-Assad regime began in March 2011. And around 200,000 people have been killed, including 11,500 children. Those lucky enough to escape the conflict have gone to Turkey, Iraq, Lebanon, and Egypt, while 85,000 have found sanctuary in Zaatari, some 15 kilometres from the border with Syria and now one of the largest refugee camps in the world. But in the sport provided here, many have found normality and happiness.
This happens in Australia. Many kangaroos are hit by cars and the kangaroos die. Some of these kangaroos are mothers. Their children become orphans . These little kangaroos need help. There are volunteers who help them. The volunteers also take the kangaroos to schools. They show them to more people. People can even touch them. One volunteer is a university student. He takes one kangaroo to his class. Everybody loves the little kangaroo.	Many little kangaroos lose their mothers to traffic accidents in Australia. Luckily, there are volunteers who look after the orphans . Their work involves more than just that, though. They go to schools and markets with all the animals. Many people do not come into contact with animals or nature, but the volunteers give them a chance. People can see and touch the animals. One volunteer said that he took a little kangaroo to his university class – everybody loved it! A little kangaroo is great during exam time – it is a good stress-relief .	These cute baby kangaroos have unfortunately lost their mothers to traffic accidents, a sadly common occurrence in Australia. But luckily, volunteers like Sam and Owen are on hand to look after them. “She came with me to the university. Just about everyone in my class has had  cuddles with her. Especially during exam time, she’s a bit of a stress-relief. Just hand her around and she has cuddles!” Their work doesn’t just involve looking after the orphans . It has a wider significance . “We go to schools and we go to markets and fairs and have all the animals there, so people who may generally not come in contact with these animals – we give them that opportunity to and that way, they can see, they can touch and they can get up and close with these animals and they build their connection with the animals, with the environment and they’re able to see the significance of their actions.”
Matteo Salvini is a politician in Italy. In the past, he is the leader of a political party. In the south of Europe, there is a big problem with African migrants . Many ships with migrants come. The ships want to stop in Italy. Salvini does not want migrants to come to Italy. He stops many ships. There is a ship with 131 migrants. The ship waits on the sea. Italy does not let the ship stop in Sicily. Sicily is part of Italy. After 7 days, the ship comes to Spain. Spain takes the migrants. This week, the Italian government takes Salvini´s political immunity . The court says that migrants must have freedom . Now, the court must decide if Salvini does something bad. Salvini can go to prison for 15 years. Salvini says that he is not a criminal. He says that Italy must protect its borders.	Matteo Salvini was a deputy Prime Minister of Italy, and the leader of an opposition party . Last year, he stopped several ships with Libyan migrants. He did not want the migrants to come to Italy. There was a ship with 131 migrants on board. Salvini did not let the ship come to Sicily, Italy, and after 7 days, Spain accepted the migrants. In December, an Italian court said that migrants have the right to freedom. This week, the Italian Senate decided that Salvini loses his immunity, and now the court must decide if Salvini is guilty. If he is guilty, he can go to prison for 15 years. After the vote about his immunity, Salvini said that he was proud of what he did. He said that it is necessary to protect Italian borders.	Matteo Salvini is a former deputy Prime Minister of Italy and the leader of a right-wing opposition party . Last year, he refused entry to a series of ships that were carrying Libyan migrants. He ordered to hold 131 migrants on an Italian ship. They were not allowed to disembark in Sicily, and after 7 days, they were transported to Spain. In December, an Italian court decided to charge Salvini for depriving the migrants of their freedom. This week, the Italian Senate denied Salvini immunity . If he is found guilty, he can get up to 15 years in prison. After the vote, Salvini said that defending Italian borders was his duty, and that he is proud of what he has done.
Some foreign countries give money to US universities. These countries are China or Saudi Arabia, for example. They want to be strong partners for US universities. Some universities do not give information about the money. It is a problem. All US colleges and universities must give information about gifts that they get. They must tell if they get gitfs bigger than $250,000 dollars. It is the law . However, many universities do not do this. Some of the biggest and most popular universities have problems, too. Yale University does not give information about $375 million dollars. Officials say that it is important to tell the truth about foreign money to US schools.	Some US colleges and universities did not report hundreds of millions of dollars in foreign gifts and contracts . The US Department of Education said that Yale University did not report at least $375 million dollars in foreign gifts. The department said that Harvard did not give all information about foreign gifts. However, it is the law that all US colleges and universities must say where their money gifts come from. They must report all foreign gifts bigger than $250,000 dollars. It is usual that countries like China or Saudi Arabia give money to US universities. They want to have a stronger relationship with the universities. Officials believe that it is important to be open and honest about money that schools get.	The US Department of Education is looking into claims that Harvard and Yale did not report hundreds of millions of dollars in foreign gifts and contracts. The department said that Yale did not disclose at least $375 million dollars in foreign donations . Also, there are concerns that Harvard did not fully report all foreign gifts and contracts, as required by law. It is common that countries like China, Qatar, or Saudi Arabia donate money to US universities to build stronger connections with them. However, most colleges and universities are required to report gifts from and contracts with any foreign source that are over $250,000 dollars in value. The Education Department reported that US colleges and universities disclosed about $6.5 billion dollars in foreign donations. The US Education Secretary said that transparency is necessary and that students and taxpayers deserve to know where the donations come from.
Vegans are people who do not eat anything that comes from animals. A group of people want to support the idea. They make an event called ‘Veganuary’. Veganuary means that people decide to be vegan all of January. Some people join Veganuary because they want to be healthier. Some people want to save the lives of animals. Some people become vegan because it is good for the planet. When somebody decides to become a vegan, he needs a lot of information. He must care about what he eats. Some people are not happy without meat. They can choose organic meat. Many athletes become vegans. They feel stronger. They can train harder. They have more energy. Their friends cannot believe that plants give them so much energy.	Veganuary is a campaign that started in 2014, and its idea is to inform people about veganism and make them eat vegan food for the whole January. In January 2021, 500,000 people joined Veganuary, and they did it for many reasons. Some people wanted to become healthier or they wanted to help the environment. Many people cared about the animals and how they lived on farms. Many professional sportspeople supported Veganuary, and they said that their lives changed when they became vegan. They had more energy, they felt stronger, and they could train harder. Their friends and teammates could not believe that plants could give people so much energy. Some people try very hard to become vegan, but they do not enjoy it. Sometimes it is better to simply eat better and think about where food comes from.	Veganuary is a global campaign that promotes and educates about veganism by encouraging people to follow a vegan lifestyle for the month of January. A record half a million people pledged to eat only vegan food in January 2021, and the reasons for joining Veganuary include health, the animals, and the environment. Some athletes are also fueling up on plants and following a vegan diet to help boost their performance and recovery. Many athletes who have become vegan say that there are numerous benefits of a plant-based diet. They have a lot more energy, they feel stronger, and they are able to train harder. People who are thinking of trying a vegan diet should educate themselves, learn about the benefits, and make conscious decisions to eat better.
It is very hot in India. It is 47°C. This weather makes people sick. Many people are in hospital. Around 1,700 people die. The electricity grid is overused . It does not work well. Many people have no electricity. People should drink a lot of water. They should stay out of the sun. They should cover their heads.	Temperatures in India soared to 47°C in some parts of the country. The heat claimed 1,700 lives in just one week. It was so hot that even the roads melted . The electricity grid was overused, and tens of thousands of people were left without power supply. Hospitals struggled to help all he people who are sick because of the extreme weather. People should stay out of the sun, cover their heads and drink a lot of water. Cooler, rainy weather is on its way to India, but it will be weeks before the whole subcontinent cools down.	A heat wave in India has meant even the roads have melted. Temperatures have soared to 47°C in some parts and the heat has now claimed 1,700 lives in just one week. This year’s seen the highest numbers of deaths caused by the heat since 1995. The searing weather has left tens of thousands of people in New Delhi without power supply due to an overused electricity grid. Local hospitals have also been struggling to treat victims of heatstroke over the past few days. Authorities have warned people to stay out of the sun, cover their heads and drink plenty of water. The monsoon is forecast to hit the southern state of Kerala next week before sweeping across the country. But it will be weeks before the cooling rains meets India’s arid plains.
Elvis Presley died 40 years ago. His ex-wife opens a new Elvis centre. Her name is Priscilla. The centre is in Memphis, Tennessee. Priscilla thinks that Elvis would like the centre. He liked sharing things with his fans. The centre has many things. It has memorabilia , cars, shops, and two restaurants. It is 19,000 square-metres big. It is part of a $140 million building project to Graceland . People also build a hotel.	Elvis Presley died 40 years ago. Elvis’s ex-wife, Priscilla Presley, opened a new 19,000 square-metre centre about her husband in Memphis, Tennessee. Priscilla said that her husband was a giving man. She thinks that he would like the centre because he liked sharing his accomplishments with his fans. The centre has memorabilia , cars, shops, and two restaurants. It is part of a $140 million expansion to Graceland, which was Presley’s home. The expansion includes a 453-room hotel that opened last year.	Elvis’s former wife, Priscilla Presley, cut the ribbon to a new centre dedicated to the king of Rock ‘n Roll in Memphis, Tennessee. Elvis died 40 years ago. Priscilla said that her husband was a giving man and he would have liked sharing the things that he accomplished with his fans. The 19,000 square-metre complex features memorabilia , cars, two restaurants, and retail stores. The complex replaces the ageing buildings that people had been visiting for years. Fans seemed ‘all shook up’ by what they saw. The complex is a part of a $140 million expansion to Graceland, including a 453-room hotel that opened last year.
People plan elections in Afghanistan. They plan them for October. People register for the elections. They register at registration centres. There are four attacks on the registration centres. The fourth attack is the deadliest. Fifty-seven people die. Five of them are children. Another 119 people are injured. The Islamic State group says that it did the attack.	Elections are planned for October in Afghanistan, and people are coming to registering centres . In a week, there were four attacks at registration centres. The latest attack was the deadliest – 57 people died and 119 people were injured. More than five of the dead were children. People say that they were students at a nearby high school. The Islamic State group claimed that it carried out the attack.	Last week, a suicide attack at a voter registration centre Kabul killed 57 people. Another 119 people were injured as a crowd waited outside the building in the Afghan capital. More than five of the dead were children, who people believe were students at a nearby high school. People think that the attack is the fourth on the centres since the voter registration began the previous week. The Islamic State group claimed that it carried out the attack via its Amaq news agency.
In 2016, an HIV vaccine experiment starts in South Africa. Doctors want to see if they can stop HIV’s development in HIV- negative  volunteers . Doctors make it like another vaccine experiment from Thailand. This one shows protection from HIV. On January 23, a safety organization looks at the experiment. It says that 129 people who have the vaccine are HIV- positive . It says that 123 people who have another medicine also are HIV-positive. The organization says that the vaccine does not work. However, the people who make the vaccine will keep working. They want to fight HIV in South Africa and around the world.	An HIV vaccine experiment started in 2016 in South Africa to see if it could stop HIV’s development in HIV-negative volunteers. The vaccine was based on an experimental vaccine from Thailand which showed protection from HIV. On January 23, a safety review organization said that 129 people who took the vaccine had HIV, and 123 people who took a placebo also had HIV. Since it did not seem like the vaccine stopped HIV’s development, it did not seem effective. One of the people who worked on the vaccine said that people will continue to work on the fight against HIV in South Africa and around the world.	An HIV vaccine  clinical  trial started in 2016 in South Africa to see if vaccine HVTN 702 could prevent HIV-negative volunteers from developing HIV. HVTN 702 was based on a clinical trial from Thailand which has shown protection from HIV. On January 23, a safety monitoring board found that 129 people who received the vaccine had HIV, and 123 people who received a placebo also had HIV. Since it did not appear that the vaccine stopped HIV from developing, the board said that it was ineffective. One of the people who worked on the vaccine said that people will continue to work on preventing HIV in South Africa and around the world. South Africa has one of the highest rates of HIV in the world.
There is a competition in California. This competition is for dogs. They surf. Dogs of different kinds and sizes take part . A dog from Hollywood is first. He is the best dog surfer. Last year, he won, too. He really loves to surf. You must know what your dog likes. Some dogs like surfing, some don’t. You cannot make a dog surf. It must like it. Hundreds of people watch the competition. Some people dress their dogs.	There was a surfing competition for dogs in California. Dogs of all sizes and breeds jumped on boards to see who was the best. First prize for large dogs went to a dog from Hollywood. He is the current defending champion . Last year, he won all three competitions. He really loves to surf. Owners at the beach said that their dogs really like surfing. You must know what your dog likes. Some dogs may like it, some may not. Hundreds of people watched the event. Some owners even dressed up their pets as characters .	Four legged dudes and dudettes . A crowd of surfing enthusiasts entered their pets into a one-of-a-kind surfing competition in California. Dogs of all shapes, sizes and breeds jumped on boards to see who could ride the waves the most effectively. First prize for large dogs went to Hanzo of Hollywood. “He is the current defending champion. Last year he won all three competitions of the tandem  heat , and this year he won the large dog heat and also the tandem heat, first place. He loves what he does, and people really see that he really loves to surf.” Owners were keen to stress that the dogs were really enjoying what they were doing. “It’s hard to say it’s cruel. Some dogs may like it, some may not. The key is knowing what your dog likes. It’s a great bonding experience, and if she didn’t like it she wouldn’t be out here putting up with it, she’d run away, she would hide, she’d stray away.” Hundreds watched the event on Imperial Beach with some owners even dressing up their pets up like characters, such as the Muppets.
This happens in El Salvador. A woman goes to hospital. She is pregnant . She gives birth at the hospital. She leaves the hospital a  few days later. People there give the woman her baby. She sees that her baby looks different. It has a different colour skin. The woman thinks that this is strange . She wants a DNA test. This test tells her that the baby is not her baby. After months, the mother meets her baby. She is very happy.	A woman gave birth at a private hospital in El Salvador. When she left the hospital a few days later, people gave her her baby. However, she noticed that the baby had darker skin than she remembered. This prompted her to seek a DNA test a few weeks later. The test showed that she was not the mother of the boy. After months, people reunited her with her baby. She said at a news conference how happy she was to be with her son.	The months-long saga of two babies switched shortly after birth at an exclusive private hospital in El Salvador and given to the wrong mothers has ended after the infants were reunited with their biological families. The controversy began on May 21st. When Casanella left the hospital a few days after giving birth, she noticed that the infant given to her had darker skin than she remembered from her first encounter with the newborn, eventually prompting her to seek a DNA test weeks later, which concluded she was not the mother of the boy. At a news conference in the capital, Casanella told media that she has been making up for lost time since she was reunited with her baby, saying, “I want to say that it has been an amazing feeling – I could hug him and I could see that he doesn’t know what happened. He spends his time laughing and is happy, connected with his family. This time that we have spent together has been to make up for the time we were apart.” The doctor who performed the birth, Antonio Guidos, has been named as the main suspect by a judge in the case while an investigation is ongoing.
The Dalai Lama is the leader of Tibet. Buddhists choose him as their leader. He is not an official leader because Tibet belongs to China. The Dalai Lama is 85 years old. Greta Thunberg comes from Sweden. She is 18 years old. She is an environmental activist. It means that she wants to make political changes and protect our planet. She speaks to politicians about climate problems . Many people in the world know Greta. They want to be like Greta. They care about the environment . The Dalai Lama speaks with Greta. The Dalai Lama thinks that all people in the world must work together. He believes that young people can change the world. Greta says that all people must learn about climate problems.	The Dalai Lama is the spiritual leader of Tibet, and he is interested in global problems. Last week, he spoke to Greta Thunberg. Greta Thunberg is a Swedish girl who became a leader of young people who wanted to stop climate change . The Dalai Lama, Thunberg, and two scientists spoke about the climate crisis . The Dalai Lama said that Thunberg was a very brave young woman and that she gave him hope for a better future. The Dalai Lama said that all people in the world had to think and work together. Thunberg said that people needed to learn more about climate problems and do something to stop them.	Last week, the Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, virtually met the Swedish climate activist and one of the world´s most recognizable individuals, Greta Thunberg. They were joined by two leading climate scientists for a discussion titled ´The Crisis of Climate  Feedback Loops ´. The Dalai Lama honored the courage that Thunberg and millions of young people around the world were demonstrating by standing up for and demanding climate justice . His primary message throughout the event was that all 7.8 billion humans needed to think and act as a single community. The Dalai Lama said that he felt real hope after hearing Thunberg speak while Thunberg urged people to educate themselves on climate issues.
A man falls from a window. He cannot move his legs. Scientists in Los Angeles help him. They stimulate his spinal cord . They also give him a special suit. It is a robotic suit. It helps him walk. The man takes thousands of steps in the suit. However, scientists do not call this walking. The man needs the suit to walk.	A man fell from a second- storey window and the fall paralysed him from the waist down. Scientists treated the Irishman with robotic step training and stimulation of his spinal cord in Los Angeles. The scientists said that he was able to control his leg muscles and take thousands of steps in the robotic suit. The man is the first person with complete paralysis who can work the robotic suit. The scientists, however, do not call it walking because he needs the robotic suit to do it.	A man paralysed from the waist down after falling from a second-storey window has been treated with robotic step training and stimulation of the spinal cord, allowing him to take thousands of steps. The team of the University of California, Los Angeles scientists reported that Mark Pollock, who was paralysed in 2010, was able to voluntarily control his leg muscles and take thousands of steps in a “robotic exoskeleton “. Pollock, who is from Northern Ireland, was able to take the steps during five days of training and for two weeks afterwards. The procedure used a battery-powered wearable suit that allows people to move their legs in a step-like fashion. The device is able to capture data to allow the scientists to see how much the subject is moving his or her own limbs or is being aided by the suit. The data collected on Pollock showed he was able to voluntarily assist the robot during stepping. According to UCLA, Pollock is the first person with complete paralysis to regain enough voluntary control to actively work the device . The researchers said that they do not describe Pollock’s achievement as “walking” because without the robotic device and spinal stimulation, no paralysed person has ever independently walked.
This news is from Florida. A family has a special guest. It is a black bear. It comes to the family’s garden. It relaxes in the hammock . The bear looks like a tourist . The neighbours turn on their lights. The bear gets scared. It runs away. It comes back later. The bear also looks for food in bins . People put away their bins. The family puts away their hammock.	A family in Florida had an unexpected dinner guest. A black bear relaxed in the family’s garden hammock . He looked like a tourist. After 20 minutes, the neighbours turned on their lights. The bear was scared and ran away. Half an hour later, he came back. The bear also likes to look for food in bins, so the family took down the hammock, and people removed their bins.	A family in Florida had an unexpected dinner guest on Friday evening in the form of a black bear. The bear was caught on camera having a bit of “me time” and enjoying a break in Daytona Beach. He was seen chilling on the family’s garden hammock for around 20 minutes before neighbours turned on the lights which spooked him. “Got in the hammock, laying back like he was a tourist or something. Something spooked him, and he ran right through there fast, and then I said well he’s gone. Half an hour he came back, and there he is in the hammock again.” The bear has since been spotted in the neighbourhood tearing through bins looking for food. Since his visit, the neighbours have removed their bins and James took down his hammock, hoping the bear won’t make himself too comfy again.
The 2018 World Cup is in Russia. People are getting ready for the big event. They are making souvenirs for the visitors. One souvenir is the Matryoshka. It is a type of doll . It is made of wood. Matryoshkas always come in a set. Each Matryoshka has a smaller Matryoshka inside it. There can be 5 to 30 dolls in one set. The Matryoshkas are painted by hand. People paint the World Cup symbols on some Matryoshkas. Russians think that the Matryoshka is a good souvenir.	Russia is preparing for the 2018 World Cup. The Matryoshka is one of the country’s most recognisable souvenirs , and people are painting some of them with the World Cup symbols. Matryoshkas always come in a set, and each doll has a smaller doll inside itself. There can be 5 to 30 dolls in one set. Local residents believe that the doll is the best souvenir to bring home.	Russia is preparing for the 2018 World Cup, and people are even making batches of World-Cup-themed Matryoshka, which is one of the country’s most recognisable souvenirs. The Matryoshka, or the Russian doll, is one in a set of brightly painted hollow wooden dolls of varying sizes, which people design to fit inside of each other. Local residents believe that the doll is the best souvenir to bring from the host city and its makers have been carefully painting them with the World Cup symbols.
This news is about an animal. It is very rare . It lives in Afghanistan. It is a deer . It has two long teeth. Vampires have these same teeth. The animals are in danger. There are not many of them. They may die out soon. This is because people catch and kill them. The natural home of this animal is also becoming smaller.	For the first time in 60 years, people saw a rare animal in Afghanistan. The animal is known as the “Kashmir musk deer”, and it has fangs like a vampire. The amazing animals are endangered because some people hunt them and their natural habitat is becoming smaller. One part of this animal is worth $45,000 a kilo – it is more expensive than gold.	Halloween might be old news but something pretty scary has been discovered in Afghanistan. More than 60 years after its last confirmed sighting, a deer with vampire -like fangs is said to still be stalking northeast Afghanistan slopes. The animal, known as a Kashmir musk deer, was last spotted by a Danish survey team in 1948. Five sightings were recorded by the survey team, including an adult male who was spotted in three locations, and a female with a youngster. The amazing creatures are categorised as endangered due to habitat loss and poaching. Their scent glands are coveted by wildlife traffickers and are considered more valuable by weight than gold, fetching as much as $45,000 a kilo on the black market. Poachers also target the male’s distinct sabre -like tusks , which are used during the rutting season .
In England, a family owns a village. They own it for 150 years. In 2010, the last member of the family dies. Now other people can buy the village. It costs 20 million pounds. In the village, there are 43 houses and cottages , a pub, a petrol station and a mansion house with 21 bedrooms. People rent all of the houses in this village. They hope that the rent will not go up.	If you’ve got 20 million pounds and want to have your own village, well, you’ve finally got your chance. A 21-bedroom mansion house , 8.6 square kilometres of land, 43 houses and cottages , a village pub and restaurant and a petrol station – all of it can be yours. People are renting all of the houses and they hope that the next owner will not raise the rents. One family owned the village in North Yorkshire for the last 150 years. The last owner died in 2010 and had no heir . Many people from the UK, as well as abroad, are already interested in buying the village.	If you’ve got 20 million pounds to spare and have always wanted to own a village, well, you’ve finally got your chance. Yes, a 21-bedroom mansion house in need of some renovation , 2116 acres of land, 43 houses and cottages – all of which are let , the village pub and restaurant, a petrol station, the sports fields, the playing fields and more – are all up for  grabs in North Yorkshire. It doesn’t sound too dissimilar to Downtown Abbey, does it? But this village is called West Heslerton, and it’s been owned by one family for the last 150 years. The last owner, Eve Dawnay, passed away in 2010 and had no heir to pass it onto, so now it’s up for sale. “We’ve already had dozens of enquiries from all over the UK and abroad, and you know, from all different types of potential purchasers. It could well go to a third person individual or family, who have a lot of wealth, possibly celebrities, possibly investment-type buyers.” But who would the residents of the village like to buy it? “Well, just as long as we can carry on as we are, more or less, things like the progress going forward all the time, won’t they?” “Somebody that’s got the money to do it, and likes what he sees?” Whoever ends up lord of the manor, it’s hoped that, much like the owner before, they’ll carry on helping the community and providing cheap rents for the tenants.
Scientists study cow pee . The cow pee is from India. The scientists study it for 7 years. They have 500 samples of cow pee. Each sample is from a different cow. Every sample has gold in it. There is 10 to 30 milligrams of gold in a litre of pee. The team makes another discovery . The team says that cow pee can also be used in medicine.	In India, scientists say that they found traces of gold in cow urine . They made the discovery after 7 years of research on 500 samples of cow urine. Every sample had gold in it. They took the samples from young cows, pregnant cows and cows who stopped producing milk. The amount of gold is between 10 to 30 milligrams of gold for a litre of urine. The team says that cow urine can be used for medicine, too.	We rely on them for milk, but now will we rely on them for gold? That’s right, scientists in India claim to have found traces of gold in the urine of an indigenous cow breed. The researchers of the Junagadh Agricultural University said they made the discovery after seven years of extensive research on 500 urine samples of Gir cows. Samples taken from calves, pregnant cows and ones which had stopped producing milk altogether show that there are 10 to 30 milligrams of gold in a litre of urine. Seems too good to be true, but it’s no moot point. The head of the biotechnology department says that the amount varies from breed to breed and age to age but that all of the 500 samples contained gold in them. The team’s findings even showed that cow wee has medicinal value which means we could even start using cow urine to treat illnesses which would be pretty…golden.
A man from Japan works in an office. He doesn’t have much time. But sometimes he draws. He doesn’t draw on paper. He draws on his iPad. The man is very good. He draws famous pictures, people’s faces or things. The man films when he draws. He puts the videos on YouTube. People watch the videos. They like them very much. The man is famous now.	A man from the Japanese City of Osaka has become an internet star thanks to his great painting skills. The man has a degree in art but started to work in an office because he didn’t think that he could make enough money as an artist. But thankfully, he never stopped following his dreams and he draws on his iPad. With one iPad and a cheap app in it, he can draw and amaze many people. He draws everything from replicas of original masterpieces to portraits. He films everything and then puts it all on YouTube. The videos are very popular and get over 100,000 views every time.	In Osaka, Japan, an office worker name Seikou Yamaoka has created a name for himself as a finger-painting artist, although he does not do it in a traditional way. He has a degree in art but did not think that he could make a decent living as an artist. After a seven-year break, he returned to painting, but he felt too busy to spend time on his art. Then he found an iPad. The app that Yamaoka uses cost less than five pounds, and yet he uses it to draw everything, from recreations of classical masterpieces to his own original portraits or compositions. His digital finger-painting skills are popular on YouTube, as each video showing him painting on his iPad are getting over 100,000 hits every time.
This news is from Bali, Indonesia. There is a volcano. People record its tremors . The volcano can erupt soon. Now people must leave Bali. Around 120,000 are leaving. Tourists should not go there.	People recorded Tremors in Bali and the Mount Agung volcano may soon erupt. More than 120,000 people are evacuating the island in Indonesia. The volcano last erupted in 1963, stayed active for a year and killed over 1,000 people. Bali is a popular tourist destination . Countries like Singapore, Australia and the UK are telling people not to go to Bali.	More than 120,000 people on the island of Bali, Indonesia, have been packing up their belongings and are leaving the area after people recorded tremors . There are fears that the Mount Agung volcano might soon erupt. The volcano last erupted in 1963, stayed active for a year and killed over 1,000 people. Countries, including Singapore, Australia and the UK, have advised people not to visit Bali, which is a popular tourist destination .
Mark Zuckerberg and his wife have a daughter. She is one week old. She is with her parents. Her parents are on maternity and paternity leave . Mark Zuckerberg and his wife are rich, and they want to help the world. They can use their money to help. They will give a lot of money to charity . Warren Buffett is a billionaire. He helps the world, too. Bill Gates and his wife are helping, also.	Mark Zuckerberg and his wife’s daughter was born last week, but the couple announced other interesting news. They say that they will give away 99% of their Facebook shares to a new charity. With this money, they want to help make the world a better place. The shares are worth around 45 billion dollars. The couple are now on their maternity and paternity leave at the moment – they will announce more details when they return to work. Other famous billionaires who are helping the world are, for example, Warren Buffett and Bill and Melinda Gates.	Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has announced that he and his wife will give away 99% of their Facebook shares to a new charity. In a letter addressed to their daughter Max, who was born last week, they pledged to give away shares currently worth about 45 billion dollars. On his Facebook page, Zuckerberg posted a photo of himself, his wife Priscilla Chan and their new daughter Max, along with a post entitled “A letter to our daughter”. It said, “Dear Max, Your mother and I don’t yet have the words to describe the hope you give us for the future. Like all parents, we want you to grow up in a world better than ours today.” The couple go on to mention issues including health, education, Internet access and learning before announcing the Chan Zuckerberg initiative which aims to advance human potential and promote equality. The letter ends, saying, “Max we love you and feel a great responsibility to leave the world a better place for you and all children. We can’t wait to see what you bring to this world.” It is signed “Love, Mom and Dad”. The plan mirrors a move by other high-profile billionaires like Warren Buffett and Bill and Melinda Gates who have pledged and setup foundations to give away their fortunes to charity. Facebook said Zuckerberg is expected to be the controlling stockholder of the company for the foreseeable future. He would give away up to one billion dollars of Facebook stock each year for the next three years. Last month, Zuckerberg announced he would take two months of paternity leave after the birth of his daughter. He and Chan said they will share more details when they return from their paternity and maternity leaves.
Alexei Navalny is a Russian government official. He is a big critic of the Russian president, Vladimir Putin. On August 20, Navalny flies from Tomsk, Serbia, to Moscow, Russia. He drinks hot tea at the airport. He does not eat anything. However, he starts to feel very sick on the plane. The pilots must land in Omsk, Russia. Navalny falls into a coma . He ends up in a hospital in Berlin, Germany. Doctors do some tests. The find poison in his body. They find Novichok. Novichok is a Russian chemical . It is very dangerous to people. German officials ask Russia to explain the situation. Some people think that the Russian president wants to kill Navalny. Russia uses Novichok in the past, too. However, the Russian president says that it is not true.	On August 20, Russian opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, flew from Tomsk, Siberia, to Moscow, Russia. He drank hot tea at the airport. During the flight, he started to feel sick. He felt so bad, that the pilots had to land in Omsk, Russia. Navalny fell into a coma and he ended up in a hospital in Berlin, Germany. Doctors say that the situation is serious; however, they think that Navalny can survive the attack. Last week, German officials said that doctors found Novichok in Navalny´s body. Novichok is a nerve gas , and it comes from Soviet laboratories. Germany asked Russia to explain the situation. Navalny´s supporters believe that the Russian president planned the attack. However, he said that it is not true.	On August 20, Russian opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, was poisoned, and it is suspected that he drank the poison in tea while he was flying back to Moscow, Russia, from Tomsk in Siberia. The 44-year-old leader fell ill on the flight, which was diverted to Omsk in Russia, and Navalny was transferred to Berlin, Germany. He has been in coma since the poisoning, and doctors say that his condition is serious. The German government has announced that Navalny´s poisoning was unequivocally caused by Novichok, which is an advanced nerve agent developed by the Soviet Union. It is the same nerve agent that British authorities identified in a 2018 attack on a former Russian spy. The German chancellor, Angela Merkel, is demanding Russia to provide an urgent explanation. Supporters of the anti-corruption campaigner have accused the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, of the attack. However, Putin denies all allegations .
This news is from a small village. It is in England. The church in the village has a piece of cloth . People think that it is old. Scientists study the cloth. They say that it belonged to Queen Elizabeth I. She was in power from 1558 to 1603. The cloth was part of the queen’s skirt. It is Queen Elizabeth’s only piece of clothing that we have today.	For hundreds of years, an old piece of fabric was used as an altar cloth in a small church. The church is in the country in England. Historians studied the origins of the cloth, and they found out that it has great historical value . It was once part of a skirt of Queen Elizabeth I. It is probably the only piece of clothing we have from the queen today. Queen Elizabeth ruled England from 1558 until her death in 1603. People believe that the queen gave the cloth to a good lady-in-waiting who was from the area.	For hundreds of years, people used an old piece of fabric as an altar cloth in a rural church, but historians pieced together clues about the cloth’s origins over the past year and discovered that it is of huge historical significance. It was once part of a skirt that belonged to Queen Elizabeth I who ruled from 1558 until her death in 1603. It may even have been part of the outfit worn by the Tudor Queen in one of her famous portraits. People believe that the queen gifted the cloth to a devoted lady-in-waiting who was a parishioner in the village in the West Midlands. Historians think that the cloth is the only surviving piece of clothing belonging to Queen Elizabeth I. Once its restoration is complete, it will go on display at Hampton Court Palace.
Someone forces a woman from Pakistan to marry a man. After the wedding , she plans to kill her husband. She wants to kill him with poison . She puts the poison in milk. However, her husband does not drink it. Twenty-seven other people drink it. Seventeen people die. Ten people are still in hospital.	Someone forced a woman from Pakistan to marry a man. Soon after the wedding, she and her lover conspired to kill her husband with poison . The murder, however, did not go as they planned. The husband did not drink the poisoned milk, but around 27 family members did. Seventeen people died and ten more are still in hospital.	Police arrested a newly-married woman in Pakistan on murder charges after a botched  attempt to kill her husband with poison. She allegedly conspired with her lover to poison her husband after a forced arranged marriage, but 27 family members instead shared the poisoned milk. Seventeen people died and ten more are still being treated in hospital.
A fire starts at a factory in Brussels. It is a waffle factory. The fire makes a cloud of smoke. The smoke is very thick. It upsets the road and rail traffic . People from other factories must leave. Children from one school evacuate , too. No one is hurt in the incident.	A fire broke out at a waffle factory in Brussels. The fire left a thick cloud of smoke in the air, which disrupted road and rail traffic. People from nearby factories and children from a school had to evacuate, too. The fire started in the cooling system of the factory, and then the fire quickly spread. We do not know, however, why it started. No one was injured in the incident.	A waffle factory in Brussels went up in smoke after a fire broke out. The blaze left a cloud of dense smoke in the air which disrupted road and rail traffic. People from nearby factories and children from a school were forced to evacuate, too. People know that the fire originated in the cooling system of the factory, and then it quickly spread. The cause of it is not yet known, however. No injuries so far have been reported.
Facebook is in court with NSO. NSO is a company from Israel. The company hacks 1,400 people who have the app WhatsApp. The hackers can read messages in people´s phones. They use a special software which is a part of the video call. People install it. They do not know that it is dangerous. These people are mostly from media and government. Facebook, which owns WhatsApp, says that people must update their app. WhatsApp changes the system to make it safer. NSO says that it does not hack WhatsApp. It says it wants to fight for the truth. It says that it uses technologies to fight crime.	Facebook says, that an Israeli company, NSO Group, hacked 1,400 WhatsApp users. The people it hacked were mainly journalists, activists , and politicians. Facebook, which owns WhatsApp, also says that NSO used its own software to read people´s messages. Facebook asked its users to update their application which makes it more difficult for hackers to get in their phones. Currently, Facebook is taking legalaction against NSO. NSO does not agree with what Facebook says. It says that it gives technologies to government and law agencies to help fight terrorism and crime.	Facebook is suing an Israeli company, NSO Group, for hacking 1,400 WhatsApp users in 20 countries. Many of the users were journalists, human rights activists and government officials. Allegedly , NSO used its own software to get to people´s messages. Facebook, which owns WhatsApp, asked its users to update their applications to make access to their phones more difficult for hackers. WhatsApp also added new protections to the system and updated the application. NSO does not agree with the claims . It says that it provides technologies to governments to help them fight terrorism and crime. It also says that it has helped to save thousands of lives in the past.
Omsk is a city. It is in Russia. It is 2,736 kilometres east of Moscow. An accident happens near Omsk. A bus collides with a truck. The truck carries bricks . Sixteen people die. Eleven people have injuries. Death rates from road accidents are high in Russia, higher than in most Western countries. Russian drivers do not drive safely.	A passenger bus collided with a truck carrying bricks in Russia. The crash happened near the Siberian city of Omsk, around 2,736 kilometres east of Moscow. Sixteen people died and 11 more were injured. Death rates from Russian road accidents are higher than in most Western countries. The country is known for its erratic drivers.	Sixteen people have been killed and 11 more injured after a passenger bus collided with a truck full of bricks in Russia. The crash happened near the Siberian city of Omsk around 1,700 miles (2,736 kilometres) east of Moscow. Local police said a bus carrying workers from a nearby chicken factory drove on the wrong lane and collided with an oncoming truck. Death rates from Russians’ road accidents are higher than in most Western countries. The country has gained fame for its erratic drivers with millions of people watching footage on YouTube of cars overtaking on blind  corners , rear-ending each other and careering off the road.
This news is about a marathon. It is very hard. It takes place in a jungle. It is very hot and humid there. There are dangerous animals there, like jaguars . Sixty-five runners start the marathon. They are from 17 different countries. Only 26 people finish the marathon. The marathon is 275 kilometres long. A man from Guadeloupe wins.	A jungle marathon takes place every year in a Brazilian rainforest. It involves extreme humidity , swamps and some dangerous animals, like jaguars. A total of 65 runners from 17 countries started the race, but only 26 finished the 275 kilometres’ run. A legendary ultra runner from Guadeloupe won this year’s marathon.	Could this be the toughest marathon ever? It’s hot, sweaty and involves jaguars . Yes, it’s the annual Jungle Marathon which takes place in a Brazilian rainforest, and it involves extreme humidity as well as water crossings, swamps and hundreds of creepy jungle bugs. If that wasn’t enough to put you off, one part of the marathon is called Jaguar Alley where runners are only allowed to enter in groups of two or more due  to the high population of jaguars. A total of 65 runners from 17 countries were at the start of the line in the Amazon jungle but only 26 finished the 275 kilometre course. One runner described what kept him going to the finish line. “Over the last couple of days, I’m just, there’s nothing left to me. I basically feel like a bomb on  stilts . If there is anything that carries me right now, it’s just my own internal  drive .” Now in its 10th year, the winner was legendary, ultra-runner Widy Grego from Guadeloupe.
A metro train has an accident in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. The train comes to the last stop. All passengers get off the train. The train continues to a parking area. But it does not stop. It breaks a fence. It stops on a big sculpture . The sculpture looks like a whale ´s tail. It is ten meters high. The driver is lucky. He does not get hurt. The sculpture is plastic. But is does not break. It saves the train and the driver, too. Officials do not know how to move the train away. One problem is that the sculpture is high. The second problem is the place. The sculpture is in a park near a pond. It is very difficult to use some heavy machines to move the train.	On Monday, a metro train drove through the barriers of the final stop in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. All passengers left the train at the station before, and the train continued to a parking area. But it did not stop and it ended up on a sculpture of a whale´s tail. A Dutch architect made two sculptures of whale tails 20 years ago. They were ten meters high and they were made from plastic. When the architect saw the train sitting on one of the tails, he was surprised that the train did not damage the sculpture. The sculptures were in a park by a pond which made it difficult to remove the train.	On Monday, a metro driver escaped injury when the front carriage rammed through the end of an elevated section of rails, and it was caught by a sculpture of a whale´s tail. The incident happened at the final stop of a metro line on the southern edge of Rotterdam, the Netherlands. The train dropped off passengers at the station before continuing to a parking area, which was where the incident occurred. The two whale tails were installed by architect Maarten Struijs almost 20 years ago. Struijs said that he expected the tail would have been damaged because it was made of plastic. However, it did not seem to be the case . The train was balancing 10 meters off the ground in the park by a pond, and officials were discussing how to salvage it because it was very difficult to place heavy cranes at the location.
People hold election for the European Parliament. The election happens from May 23rd to May 26th. Around 400 million Europeans can vote. This year, around 51% of them vote. That is around 203 million people. Most people vote for pro-EU parties . These parties get 507 out of 751 seats in the parliament. Some people vote for nationalist parties. Nationalist parties usually do not like the EU. They usually want their country to be strong. Around 25% of people vote for nationalist parties.	The election in the European Parliament happened from May 23rd to May 26th. Around 400 million Europeans were eligible to vote and 51% of them did. That is around 203 million people. People thought that nationalist parties would get a lot of votes and they did. For the first time ever, they won one quarter of the seats in the parliament. However, pro-EU parties still hold most seats – 507 out of the total 751.	The 2019 European Parliament election took place from May 23rd to May 26th and it was the first time that voter participation increased since 1979. Around 400 million Europeans were eligible and about 51% participated in the elections, putting the number of those who voted somewhere near 203 million. People expected nationalist parties to make large gains and they did. About one quarter of the available seats were won by them for the first time ever. However, pro-EU mainstream parties maintained dominance with 507 seats out of the parliament’s total 751.
A third of young people in Britain have a tattoo. Some employers are worried about tattoos. They think that it is not good for business. They do not like hiring people with tattoos. This can be a problem. A person with a tattoo could be a good employee . A tattoo artist talks about tattoos. Many types of people come to him. Some are doctors, lawyers, and policemen. They all know that tattoos can be problems.	A third of young people in Britain have a tattoo, but some businesses are worried about the image the tattoo would give to customers or clients. A conciliation service says that the negative attitude about tattoos is outdated. The service also warned businesses that they could be missing out on good employees. In October 2014, people sent home a trainee teacher from England on her first day at a Catholic school because of her tattoos. One tattoo artist says that he has all kinds of customers, even Members of Parliament, doctors, lawyers, and policemen. All of them know that a tattoo could be a problem.	A concilation service warned employers that they could be missing out on top staff because they are rejecting candidates with tattoos. The conciliation service said that negative attitudes about visible tattoos are outdated. A third of young people have a tattoo but some firms and individual managers are worried about the image the tattoo would give to potential customers or clients. One tattoo artist said that he has all kinds of people coming to see him – MPs, doctors, lawyers, and policemen have visited him. All of them were aware that prejudice is out there regarding tattoos. In October 2014, people sent home a trainee teacher from England on her first day at a Catholic school because of her tattoos.
A man in Kent, UK, shoots from his balcony. It happens on Wednesday morning. The man is in his 30s. He is making a video. In the video, he shows his guns. Then, he goes on the balcony. He starts shooting. He is filming himself. He is shouting. The man is streaming it live on his Instagram. People can see the man on the balcony. They call the police. The police ask people to run away. The police close the area. There is a police helicopter in the sky. The police go to the man´s apartment. They arrest him. They find many guns in the apartment. Some guns are fake . They are not real.	People in Kent, UK, filmed a man who was standing on a balcony and he was firing guns. The incident happened on Wednesday morning near a shopping center. It seems that the man posted a video on social media in which he showed the guns and boasted about them. Later, the man filmed himself standing on the balcony and shooting. He probably streamed the incident live on his social media channel. Armed police warned people to stay away from the area, and they arrested the man. The man is in his 30s, and police also found four fake guns in the apartment.	A man in his 30s was arrested after armed police were deployed near a shopping center in Kent, UK. A video posted on social media appears to show a man showing off machine guns and handguns, before witnesses reported seeing a man firing weapons from a balcony. The man filmed himself in an apartment block near a shopping center on Wednesday morning. Then police urged the public to avoid the area. According to police, the man was arrested on firearms offenses, and they also found four imitation firearms in the apartment. It appears that the man filmed himself while shooting, and he livestreamed the incident on his own social media channel.
In China, a man sees a panda. It is snoozing . He goes up to it. He touches its head. The panda wakes up. It runs towards the intruder . It takes him by the leg. It knocks him on the ground. The man and the panda fight for 5 minutes. The man manages to get away. He is lucky. He is not hurt. The panda is not hurt, either .	In China, a man decided to get very close to a panda. While the panda was napping , he walked up to it to touch its head. This woke the panda up and over-excited it. The panda, which weighs 112 kilograms, ran towards the man, grabbed his leg, and pushed him to the ground. They grappled for 5 minutes before the man escaped and neither he or the bear were hurt. The man was lucky that he did not get two black eyes like the panda!	In China, while a panda was snoozing , an intruder entered its pen to touch its head, which interrupted the 12-year-old panda’s sleep, and it did not take kindly to the interruption! The 112-kilogram panda ran towards the man, grabbed his leg, and wrestled him to the ground. After 5 minutes of grappling , the intruder managed to escape without being hurt and without hurting the bear. The man was lucky to leave without two black eyes like his opponent’s!
A man from South Africa finds special stones in a field. The stones look like crystals . The man thinks that the stones are diamonds. The man speaks to other people in his village. More than a thousand people run to the field. They look for the stones. They hope that they will find them. They want to be rich . They say that crime will stop. Authorities worry about the situation. Some people start selling the stones. Nobody knows if they are diamonds. Experts must come and study the stones.	A man found stones which looked like crystals in the ground near a village in South Africa. The man told other people about the discovery , and more than a thousand people rushed to the field. They wanted to find some stones, too. They said that it could help solve their problems with money and crime. Local authorities asked geologists and other experts to come and study the stones. It was not clear yet if the stones were real diamonds, but some people already started selling them. Authorities asked people to leave the field and let experts do their work. They shared a video on social media, and they called the situation a ´diamond rush ´.	More than a thousand of treasure seekers raced to KwaHlathi village in South Africa, seeking their fortune in the soil. The influx came after a man dug up crystal-like stones in an open field, and he spread the word of the discovery. The provincial government shared a video on social media, expressing concerns of what is called a ´diamond rush´. They said that illegal mining activity was taking place at KwaHlathi outside Ladysmith. The stones haven´t been analyzed by geological experts yet, and authorities have asked people onsite to leave so that a proper investigation could be carried out. However, the lack of clarity around identification of the stones isn´t deterring some people from selling them.
Zohra Zarougui comes from Tunisia. She is a painter. She uses a special style of painting. It is called Ebru. Ebru is very old. Artists first use it in the 15th century. It starts in southwestern Asia. Then it spreads to other countries too. For example, it goes to China and India. Ebru is very different from other styles of painting. It is not easy to learn. You have a pot with a special substance. It looks like water. It is more oily . You put different dyes in it. They change the color of the water. They make beautiful patterns . Then you put paper or cloth on it. The pattern moves to it. It is not possible to study Ebru in Tunisia. Zarougui must study in another country. She learns how to make Ebru well. It lasts for many years.	Zohra Zarougui is a Tunisian artist who uses a very old style of painting called Ebru. Ebru is from the 15th century and it comes from old Iran, Persia, and old Turkey, Ottoman Turkey. Since that time, it moved to more countries, for example, India or China, where artists used different colors and ways to make it. Zarougui uses a pan of oily water, and she adds dyes to make beautifully colored patterns . She then takes a piece of paper or canvas and moves the pattern onto it. Zarougui said that it was not easy to learn the style. She spent many years in another country to study Ebru, and she got a degree in it. The woman had to leave her home, because it was not possible to study Ebru in Tunisia.	Zohra Zarougui, a Tunisian artist, paints on water using an ancient technique of marbling called Ebru. This art is not taught in Tunisia, so Zarougui had to travel and study abroad. She got a master’s degree, and after years of research and experimentation, she returned to Tunisia. The artist creates pieces from patterns from old cities in the Arab world. She sprinkles brightly colored dyes into pans of oily water and then transfers the patterns onto a piece of paper canvas. According to Zarougui, it takes years of studying to be able to bring out the history of this art and its techniques and methods. Her experience lasted several years outside the country, and it took a lot of courage and sacrifice . The art of Ebru first appeared and evolved in the 15th century in Persia and Ottoman Turkey. Some of the methods use colors which float on the top of a bath of liquid mucilage .
Pierre Marcolini comes from Belgium. He is a chocalatier. It means that he makes and sells chocolate candy. Marcolini opens his own chocolate shop in 1995. 25 years later, Marcolini wins a special title . He is the best pastry chef in the world. It confirms that Belgium makes the best chocolate. Marcolini changes the world of chocolate. He makes it modern and attractive . Marcolini wants to use only the best cocoa beans. Cocoa beans are a fruit that we use to make chocolate. He speaks to people who grow cocoa. He prepares the cocoa beans himself. Only a few chocolatiers in the world do it. Marcolini sells chocolate gift boxes. They cost more than €100 or $129.	Pierre Marcolini is a Belgian chocalatier who was born in 1964. He worked for famous companies in Belgium and France before he opened his own first shop in 1995. His dream was to change the world of chocolate and to make it more modern. In his life, Marcolini received several prizes, and recently, World Pastry Stars organized a competition to win the title of the world´s best pastry chef. Marcolini won the title and he proved that Belgium makes the best chocolate. Marcolini travels the world to find the finest cocoa beans. He speaks to growers and he controls all the steps of making his chocolate. He is one of the few chocolatiers who roast cocoa beans himself. He sells special chocolate gift boxes that cost more than €100 or more than $129.	Belgian chocalatier , Pierre Marcolini, has been crowned the world´s best pastry chef by a jury of independent reporters, enhancing Belgium´s reputation as a producer of top-class chocolate. Marcolini said that The Marcolini company had received recognition after 25 years of existence and that the title of world champion had been bestowed upon the whole company and all people who followed him. Marcolini´s aim was to transform and modernize the world of pastry and the world of chocolate. Marcolini travels the world to find the finest cocoa beans directly from growers, and he personally controls every stage of the production process. He is one of the few chocalatiers to roast cocoa beans himself. Today, he sells his chocolates as luxury gifts with boxes selling for over €100 or over $129.
An American comes to Zimbabwe. He shoots a lion. The lion’s name is Cecil. He is famous . He is like a celebrity . People can shoot animals in Zimbabwe, but this lion is protected. Killing the lion is illegal . The American is in trouble. He says that he is sorry. Two men help the American. They are in trouble, too.	An American dentist came to Zimbabwe and shot a lion. The 13 year-old lion was collared. That means that he was under surveillance . His name was Cecil and he was a local celebrity. Two people helped the American kill the animal. If they are convicted , they’ll have to pay $20,000 and they might go to prison. The dentist, who said that he was sorry for killing the animal, may face poaching charges . Lions are not protected in Zimbabwe. Foreign hunters can buy a permit which lets them kill elephants, buffalos and lions. The killing of Cecil, however, was illegal.	A US dentist who killed a lion in Zimbabwe says he regrets shooting the well-known animal. In a written statement, Walter Palmer insists that he thought he was on a legal hunt and that he “deeply regrets” his actions. Cecil the lion, known for his black mane , was about 13 years old, and a famous attraction for wildlife tourists in Zimbabwe. But earlier this month, it’s understood the big cat was tempted outside a national park using bait and allegedly shot with a bow and arrow by Palmer. “Cecil was collared. You may want to know what that means. Collared is an animal which is under surveillance and a GPS system which is being used for research, for different things…” Wildlife officials accused Mr Palmer of killing Cecil, without a permit, after paying $50,000 to two people who lured the beast to its death. “The person involved, or the offender, is a gentleman who is an American called Walter James Palmer. Walter James Palmer is the guy who came into the country around the beginning of this month of July and was enticed , we’re not quite sure yet, to harvest this particular lion. The proper market value for this lion, which is a big treasure, would be around $100,000 US dollars.” Police in Zimbabwe say two people have been arrested and that Mr Palmer may also face poaching charges. If convicted, the two men would be required to pay $20,000 in compensation, but the court may impose an additional jail term. According to the Zimbabwe Parks and Wildlife Management Authority, investigations show that the killing of Cecil was illegal because the land owner was not allocated a lion on his hunting quota for 2015. Lions are not a protected species in Zimbabwe. The country issues annual permits allowing foreign hunters to kill wildlife like elephant, buffalo and lion, and say doing so allows it to raise money for conservation .
In 2001, 93,000 people in France live on the streets. In 2012, 141,000 people live on the streets. More and more people in France do not have homes. The situation is getting worse. One person dies every day there because they do not have a home. The United Nations looks at the situation in France. The UN says that the French government is not working to lower the homelessness . The UN says that France must do something about this problem.	Homelessness in France is getting worse. In 2001, there were around 93,000 homeless people, and in 2012, there were more than 141,000. A French charity also says that at least one person dies every day there because he or she is homeless. The United Nations says that the French government is not doing enough to lower the homelessness. The organisation says that there is not enough affordable housing and social housing . Forced evictions are also a problem.	According to the country’s government, homelessness in France increased from approximately 93,000 in 2001 to more than 141,000 in 2012. A French charity also says that at least one person dies every day there as a result of living on the street. Recently, people criticised the French government for not doing enough to act on the homelessness crisis. The United Nations’ special rapporteur said that there is not enough affordable housing, including social housing for the people who need it. She also said, ‘ evictions into homelessness are strictly prohibited under international law’. She said that France could improve its housing laws, find houses for the poor and stop all forced evictions.
An accident happens on a busy road in Virginia, US, last week. Several trucks crash. They block the road. Other cars cannot move. Then, a storm comes. Up to 28 centimeters of snow fall. Some drivers leave their cars. Other drivers stay in their cars all night. Some people have nothing to eat and drink. Some drivers run out of gas. Local authorities close a part of the road. Workers must clear the road. They clear the trucks. It takes them many hours. Some cars must leave the road by a different way. The weekend is difficult for many people. Many people have COVID-19. Airlines cancel trips on planes. People cannot get home from work and holidays.	Last week, several trucks crashed on a busy road in Virginia, US. The trucks blocked the road for many hours, and the crash caused problems for hundreds of drivers. Traffic on the road completely stopped, and at the same time, a heavy snowstorm came. Up to 28 centimeters of snow fell on the road in a very short time. Some drivers left their cars, but some stayed inside. It was very cold, and many drivers ran out of gas. They were stuck in their cars all night, often with nothing to eat or drink. Local authorities closed an 80-kilometer-long part of the road, and workers tried to remove the trucks. They also showed drivers other ways so they could leave the road. It was a difficult time for travelers. The bad weather canceled many flights, and there were many delays .	On Monday last week, between 18 to 28 centimeters of snow fell on I-95, the US East Coast´s major north-south artery , during a blizzard. Hundreds of motorists were stranded overnight in freezing temperatures after a pileup of tractor trailers disrupted private and commercial traffic. Multiple vehicles were in the crash, and it brought the roadway to a standstill, as heavy snow continued to add to traffic. While some motorists abandoned their vehicles, others faced a serious situation as they ran out of gas, and they had no food or water. Authorities closed an 80-kilometer part of the road so workers could remove the stopped trucks, treat the road for snow and icing, and guide the motorists to nearby interchanges . The event came at the end of a difficult holiday travel season with supplies disrupted and flights canceled due to weather and COVID-19 related absences .
In Europe, people have summer time. In March, they move their clocks forward. In October, they move them back. Some people say that the summer time saves energy. The European commission says that the savings are small. The European Parliament takes a vote . It votes to cancel the summer time by 2021. EU countries now can talk about it.	The European Parliament voted for cancelling the summer time by 2021. The next step is to discuss the issue with EU countries. The current law makes EU countries move their clocks forward on the last Sunday in March and move them backwards on the last Sunday in October. Some people say that the summer time saves energy, but the European commission says that the savings are small. Also, most people in the EU want to cancel the summer time.	The European Parliament voted 410 to 192 in favour of scrapping the summer time by 2021. The next step involves discussing the issues with members of the bloc . Under current EU law, member countries move their clocks forward together on the last Sunday in March and all of them move back on the last Sunday in October. The use of the summer time is often said to save energy, but the European commission says that those savings are small. On top of that, an EU-wide survey from last year showed that most people are in favour of stopping the clock change.
There is a marathon in North Korea. It is special. Foreigners can be in the marathon. There are 15 people. There are people from 15 different countries. There are professionals and amateurs . They all can have a great time. They can become friends. A car drives behind the runners. It plays music. It is North Korea’s typical music. Thousands of people watch the runners. A man from North Korea wins.	North Korea held a marathon. It commemorated the birthday of its founder . North Korea opened the marathon to athletes from other countries for the first time. A truck, which was playing patriotic music, followed the runners and thousands of people cheered. There were about 400 foreigners in the marathon. The number included amateurs from 15 different countries. The marathon was held so that both professionals and amateurs had a great time. They could form new friendships. The men’s category was won by a North Korean . All the women who won a medal were North Korean.	Runners in London weren’t the only ones taking part in a 26-mile challenge on Sunday, as North Koreans lined the streets of Pyongyang to cheer on participants of its own marathon. Tens of thousands of supporters applauded, cheered and high-fived the runners, who were followed by a truck blasting out patriotic music. The event was held to commemorate the birthday of its founder, Kim Il Sung, and was open to foreign athletes for the first time. The country’s state-run television reported there was about 400 foreigners, including amateurs, from 15 different countries took part. The marathon’s chairman said the run was held so that both professional and amateur runners would share a good experience and form new friendships. The men’s category was won by a North Korean with a Rwandan man coming in second and an Ukrainian in third, whilst North Koreans swept all the medals in the women’s race.
Saman is a popular dance in Indonesia. It is also called the dance of a thousand hands. More than 10,000 men do the dance. They set a new record. The men are from Aceh. Aceh is in Sumatra. They do the dance after the harvest . This shows their unity .	Saman is a popular dance in Indonesia and UNESCO recognised it in 2011. It is also called the dance of a thousand hands. Over 10,000 men in Aceh, a territory in Sumatra, performed the dance. They broke the national record for the largest Saman dance. The Acehnese traditionally perform it once a year to show unity after the harvest . The Director General of Culture said that the event shows that people still uphold their culture.	Over 10,000 men in Aceh, a territory located at the northern end of Sumatra, broke the national record for the largest Saman dance performed simultaneously . Saman is one of the most popular dances in Indonesia and UNESCO recognised it in 2011. The dance of a thousand hands is traditionally performed by the Acehnese once a year to show unity after the harvest . The Director General of Culture explained that the event is a proof that common people still uphold their culture and the dance also shows tremendous unity of the people.
Breast cancer is a disease. It is very dangerous. The pink ribbon is the official symbol of breast cancer. People can wear it. People can wear pink clothing. They show that they care about women with breast cancer. People also give money to charities and other organizations. People believe that these organizations use the money for cancer help. It is not always true. There is not law in the US which says that the money must go to help. Some organizations keep the money for themselves.	Breast cancer is one of the most common cancers in women, and many organizations and charities collect money to help fight with the disease. The pink ribbon is the official symbol of breast cancer awareness . People who wear the pink color or the pink ribbon show support for women with breast cancer. People donate money to charities and buy products with the symbol. They do it because they believe that the money will go to breast cancer research. Unfortunately, it is not always true. In the US, no law says how the charities or organizations use the money from the donations. It is possible that some charities do not spend any money at all.	The pink ribbon is the official symbol of breast cancer awareness, which the US celebrates for a whole month. Breast cancer in women is nearly 20% of all cancer deaths, second only to lung cancer. However, with almost 575 million dollars, it receives the most government funding in the US. Despite all the funding, private businesses still show pink for an entire month. We see the pink on products at the supermarket, clothing stores, and even football team uniforms. The focus on women´s bodies encourages buying products, and the pink ribbon is nice and pretty. However, there have been plenty of questionable products and events with no official record of how much money was raised through them. The US government isn´t allowed to demand the charity spend a minimum amount of donations on their programs. So instead of going towards research for treatment or a cure, some donations can go to the pockets of the organization´s board.
There is a new trend . People are dressing up as clowns. They are dressing up not as funny clowns but as scary clowns. They scare people. This is happening in the USA, UK and Australia. A student dresses up as a clown. He has a real chainsaw . He walks around with it. Police arrest him. Some people are worried about this trend. It is becoming more popular. Somebody can get really scared. Something can go wrong.	People in the USA, UK and Australia are dressing up as creepy clowns and they are scaring people. It is part of the “creepy clown” craze . Police arrested a student at a university because he was running around with a real chainsaw. He said that it was just “fun”, but some people do not like this. They think that clowns should be funny, not scary. Something could go wrong and someone could get really scared. The craze started in the USA but it is becoming popular around the world. Police in the UK are asking people not to get involved .	Clowns are meant to make people laugh, not scared, but a so-called “ creepy clown” craze swept the USA, UK, Australia and now Brazil. People are dressing as scary clowns and pranking others. Police arrested a student at a university after he brandished a real chainsaw on campus at night, although he claims it was just a prank. One clown explained that pranks make your friends laughs, not scare innocent members of the public. His fear is that something will go wrong and someone could get really scared. The bizarre  phenomenon may have originated in the US, but it is quickly catching momentum around the world. Police forces in the UK warned the public not to get involved because of the psychological and legal consequences .
This is some bad news. It is about a plane. The plane flies from Barcelona to Düsseldorf. One hundred and sixty people are on the plane. Sixteen of them are school children. There are two babies on the plane, too. The planes crashes . It falls down in the French Alps. Nobody survives . The crash is probably an accident. However, people are not sure. They are investigating the plane crash.	A plane which was flying from Barcelona to Düsseldorf crashed in the French Alps last Tuesday. Nobody survived of the 144 passengers and 6 crew on board. Among the passengers were 16 school children and two teachers from a German school. It is also thought that two babies were on board the aeroplane. The German airline says that it believes that the crash was an accident, but it is still working to establish the exact cause .	This aerial footage shows the scene in the French Alps where a Germanwings flight crashed this morning, killing all of those on board. Debris can be seen strewn over an area of hundreds of metres, as rescuers work to try to recover bodies. The flight from Barcelona to Düsseldorf went down at around 11 a.m. local time and authorities say none of the 144 passengers and six crew could have survived. Among the passengers were 16 school children and two teachers from a German school. The students were in the 10th grade and had been taking part in an exchange programme in Spain. It’s also thought that two babies were on board the flight. Crisis centres have now been setup as distressed relatives of the passengers arrived at airports in Spain and Germany to try to find out more information about what happened to their loved ones. Lufthansa, which owns the Germanwings airline, says it believes the crash was an accident rather than foul play, but it’s still working to establish the exact cause. The airline believes there were 67 Germans on the flight, while Spain’s Deputy Prime Minister said 45 passengers had Spanish names. One Belgian was also on board. French police at the crash site say it could take days to recover the bodies due to difficult terrain , snow and incoming storms.
Many Iranians use gas water heaters . They are not very safe. They can explode. One water heater explodes recently. It is in a building. The building falls down. Ten people die. Five people are injured . The explosion is one of the worst in Iran. People look for survivors .	In Iran, there was a water heater explosion in a two-storey building, and the explosion caused the building to collapse . Ten people died and five were injured. The incident happened 885 kilometres north east of the country’s capital of Tehran, and rescue operations continue at the location. Many Iranians use gas heaters which are not very safe. This incident is one of the deadliest in Iran.	Ten people died and five were injured in Iran last week when a water heater explosion caused a two-storey building to collapse. Many Iranians use gas-consuming heaters with low safety and maintenance measures . The incident was one of the deadliest of its kind in Iran. Rescue operations continue at the location which is 885 kilometres northeast of the country’s capital of Tehran.
This news is about the Great Barrier Reef. The Great Barrier Reef is in Australia. It is a place with many corals . The water there is warm. It is 28 °C. Something amazing happens. The corals reproduce . They release eggs into the water. This happens at night. Some people see it happen. They say that it is amazing.	The temperature of the Australian seawater was 28 degrees in November. This temperature started a very special process. The corals of Australia’s Great Barrier Reef spawned . They released millions of eggs and sperm into the waters. Only a few people were lucky to see something like this. Scientists and tourists who saw it said that it was amazing. This phenomenon has only been known for 30 years. Coral spawning usually happens at night.	It is rare to capture something so amazing on film! Australia’s Great Barrier Reef has this year spawned in one of nature’s most impressive and rarely seen shows. The coral reef put on an encore performance reproducing over night for the second time in two months. It released millions of eggs and sperm into the waters to fertilise . Scientists and tourists have been marvelling in delight . “There’s coral down there is smoking. It looks like, it’s kinda like… Lunar because it’s hard coral and the spawning is like smoke coming up the coral so it looks like it’s smoking. Absolutely amazing.” James Cook University’s professor, Jamie Seymour, says conditions must be perfect for the coral to spawn, which is generally between November and December. November’s full moon coupled with 28-degree Celsius sea temperatures are believed to have triggered the process. Coral spawning tends to happen at night when plankton feeders are asleep. Only a small number of people get to witness the remarkable spectacle of nature reproducing. It’s a phenomenon which has only been known for 30 years.
This news is from a prison in Brazil. It is a prison for women. It organises a beauty pageant . The prison does this every year. Ten prisoners style their hair and put on dresses. Then they walk around a catwalk . Around 400 people watch them. Some of the people are the prisoners’ families. They can meet and talk to them. The prison organises the pageant to make the prisoners feel better.	For one prison in Brazil, last Friday was a special day. The maximum-security prison for women hosted a beauty pageant for its inmates . The prison selected ten inmates to take part in the contest. They styled their hair, put on dresses and walked around the catwalk . Around 400 people watched them, and some of them were their families The winner received a fan and a hair straightener. The event takes place every year and tries to improve the inmates’ self-esteem , and let them see their families.	Last week’s Friday was a special day at Rio de Janeiro’s maximum-security prison for women, as it hosted its annual beauty pageant for its inmates . The prison selected ten inmates to style their hair, don dresses and swap their cells for a catwalk. One prisoner said that even though she was imprisoned, she did feel like it for a moment. The participants of the event were judged not only on their beauty but also their sympathy and attitude . A crowd of 440 inmates, as well as their relatives, cheered them on. Apart from the prison’s pageant title, the winner also received a fan and a hair straightener. The event’s aim is to improve the inmates’ self-esteem and give them a chance to meet with their loved ones.
A man is walking his dog. He is near Paris. He finds another dog. It is buried . You can see only its head. The man takes pictures of the dog. He puts them on Facebook. He does this to teach people about animal cruelty . People take the dog to a doctor. The dog’s owner is in trouble. Maybe, he will go to prison or he will pay money. Many people are angry with him. They want him to be punished .	A man was walking his dog west of Paris when he found another dog. It was hard to see because someone buried it alive. The man posted a series of photos on Facebook. He said that he wanted to educate people about cruelty to animals. People took the dog to a vet, while police arrested its 21-year-old owner. The owner denied burying the animal and said that it ran away. If the man is guilty, he could be jailed for two years and forced to pay a £21,000 fine . People set up a petition which calls for the maximum sentence . More than 280,000 people have signed the petition.	These images show the moment a dog was found buried alive up to her head in France. The French Mastiff was rescued by a man who was walking his own dog on waste ground west of Paris. Pedro Dinis posted a series of photos on Facebook, writing only her head was visible and it was difficult to see given the amount of earth covering her. He said he posted the images to educate people about cruelty to animals. The dog was taken to a vet, while his 21-year-old owner was arrested following the discovery. The man reportedly denied burying the dog, saying it had run away. If he is guilty of animal cruelty, the owner could be jailed for two years and forced to pay a £21,000 fine . A petition calling for the maximum sentence for the owner has been set up online and has been signed by more than 280,000 people.
This news is about two pandas. They are twins . They live in Vienna, Austria. They are one year old. They see snow for the first time. They love it! They run around, play, and climb on things. Pandas like the winter. They have thick fur , so they are warm. They have fur on the bottom of their feet, too! In the summer, pandas like to relax.	At a zoo in Vienna, one-year-old panda twins are experiencing snow for the first time, and they are in love with it. They climb things, run around and play. Pandas like the winter because they are from the mountains and the forests of China. They have thick fur which keeps them warm. They even have fur on the bottom of their feet, so walking on snow and ice is not a problem. Summer, on the other hand, is a time when pandas can get quite lazy. They look for shade and relax.	One-year-old panda twins Fu Feng and Fu Ban are in love with their first snowfall at a zoo in Vienna. The zookeeper said that unlike hot summer days when pandas become rather lazy and look for shade, snowy winter weather turns them very playful. They romp around and climb things. As they have really thick fur , pandas are well-protected from the cold. They even have fur on their soles so walking on snow and ice does not concern them. The excitement from the snow and their winter-proof bodies contribute to the belief that the species originated from the mountains and forests of south east China.
Here is news from California. A mother cheetah rejects her baby. People hand-raise this baby cheetah. The little cheetah is alone. People choose a dog for it. The dog and the cheetah play together. People watch them when they play. The cheetah and the dog don’t know one another well. The zoo lets visitors see them. The dog and the cheetah are beautiful. You can watch them every day at the San Diego Zoo.	A mother cheetah rejected her baby at a zoo in California. Keepers had to hand-raised him. They chose a dog to keep the little cheetah company . Both of them are only a few weeks old. People watch the friends when they play. Right now, they introduce them to each other. The zoo then decided to let the public see their playdates . The two are really cute together. You can watch them every day from 12:15 to 1 o’clock at the San Diego Zoo.	You might think that they would be unlikely playmate, but 7-week-old cheetah cub Ruuxa and his 8-week-old Rhodesian Ridgeback puppy companion Raina, have formed quite the friendship in the latest attraction at San Diego Zoo Safari Park in California. After being rejected by his mother and being hand-raised by keepers, Ruuxa was chosen as an animal ambassador , and was paired up early in life with Raina for companionship. The fast friends are still under the watchful eyes of their trainers for their playdates and the young pair will be monitored closely, as their bond develops, says animal training manager Susie Ekard. “They are being introduced, so they still have supervised visits but they love playing with each other and they are having a great time so we decided it was now time to add in letting the public seeing this. So it will be everyday from 12:15 to 1 o’clock.” As the two friends grow up together, Raina’s body language will communicate to Ruuxa that there is nothing to fear in new or public surroundings, which relaxes and calms the cheetah. It promises to be the start of something special for this cute couple.
The Great Barrier Reef is the system of 2,500 reefs and islands. It is the largest coral reef in the world. Its area is about 248,000 square kilometers. The Great Barrier Reef is in Australia. The Great Barrier Reef is in UNESCO´s World Heritage. This means that it is a very special place. People must protect it. It is important for the future. Then the UN says that the reef is losing its color. It is dying. This is because the oceans are too warm. Australia does not agree with the UN. Australian officials say that it is not good for the country. Tourists do not want to see dead coral reefs. The country will lose money. Australia says that the reefs are colorful.	The Great Barrier Reef is the world´s largest coral reef system of 2,500 reefs and islands. They stretch over about 248,000 square kilometers off the coast of Queensland, Australia. In 1981, the Great Barrier Reef became part of UNESCO´s World Heritage , but now, the UN wants to change it. The UN report said that the corals are in danger because of climate change. The ocean temperature is getting higher, and it makes the corals bleach and die. The UN wants to put the Great Barrier Reef on the list of World Heritage in Danger. Australia does not agree with the report. Australian officials said that the corals were colorful, and tourists liked them. If something changes, tourists may not come because they will not want to see dead corals.	The Great Barrier Reef is the network of 2,500 reefs covering 248,000 square kilometers off Australia´s northeast coast. It´s an awe-inspiring natural habitat that´s home to many of sea life, and it´s been World Heritage-listed since 1981. However, the reef´s health is under increasing threat from climate change and rising ocean temperatures. A report said that there was no doubt that the network of colorful corals suffered significantly from bleaching that was caused by unusually warm ocean temperatures in 2016, 2017, and last year. The report came from the U.N. World Heritage Committee released last week.  The report recommends that the ecosystem be added to UNESCO´s List of World Heritage in Danger. Australia government officials have voiced anger at the report, saying that any downgrade of the reef´s status could reduce tourism revenue for the country because fewer people would be attracted to an unhealthy environment and dead coral. Besides that, it would likely include tougher action to reduce Australia´s greenhouse gas emissions.
Saudi Arabia attack airports in Yemen. Yemen is a poor country. Saudi Arabia attacks the main airport in Yemen’s capital city . Black smoke comes from the airport. One plane is on fire. People put water on it. Saudi Arabia thinks about stopping the attacks. The people of Yemen need help.	Saudi Arabian fighter jets are attacking airports across Yemen, the Arab world’s poorest country. A black cloud of smoke came from the main airport in Yemen’s capital city. One plane was completely in flames and later local fire trucks doused it with water. Saudi Arabia first attacked Yemen in March, but now it is thinking about a cease-fire in some areas. This would allow humanitarian aid .	Fighter jets from the Saudi-led coalition pounding Yemen’s main airport in the capital Sanaa left an aircraft burning on the runway. The heavy Saudi-led airstrikes targeted several airports across Yemen, as the foreign minister said officials were considering a cease-fire to allow aid into the Arab world’s poorest country. A black cloud of smoke could be seen rising over the airport where Iran-allied Houthi rebels are stationed. One plane seen fully engulfed in flames was later doused with water from local fire trucks. The air strikes come just a day after coalition jets struck Sanaa’s al Dulaimi military airbase, destroying the last remaining landing strips in the war-torn country. The coalition has been carrying out airstrikes in Yemen since March against the Houthis and their allies. However, the Saudi foreign minister said on Monday they’re considering calling truces in specific areas to allow humanitarian supplies to reach the country. The United Nations says the humanitarian situation has grown desperate after weeks of airstrikes.
There is a competition in Madrid. Around 23,000 fans come to it. They want to see something special. The men in the competition must try very hard. A man from New Zealand does a backflip . It is not enough. People want to see something better. A man from France flips his motorcycle in the air. People love it. The man from France wins.	Madrid held a freestyle motocross competition . Around 23,000 fans came to the event. Competitors who wanted to win had to show something special. A man from New Zealand tried with a double backflip , but it wasn’t enough. The Spanish fans wanted something new. A French competitor performed the first bike flip in the competition. This trick made the Frenchman win.	There are many ways you can win a freestyle motocross event in front of 23,000 fans in Madrid. New Zealand’s Levi Sherwood had a go with one of these. Australian Josh Sheehan tried with a double back flip. He’s not even facing the right way there. But it wasn’t enough. The expectant Spanish crowd wanted something they hadn’t seen before, and that is what Frenchman Thomas Pages delivered, landing the first ever bike flip in competition. Already known as an innovator in the sport, Pages posted a video of himself landing the trick on Facebook earlier in the year, but this is the first time it has been landed in full competition. Coming off the ramp at a slight angle, pulling down on the handlebars to start the rotation and then spinning his body at the last second. Completely flipping a near 200-pound motorcycle in midair was enough to secure Thomas Pages his first Red Bull X Fighters win of 2014.
This news is from Singapore. It is a small country. It was a poor British colony . Now, it is a rich country. Lee Kuan Yew ruled Singapore from 1959 to 1990. He helped the country very much. He made the country rich. Many people liked him. He died on 23rd March. He was 91 years old. He has a funeral . Many people want to see him. They are sad. They say his name. They wear black and white clothes.	Lee Kuan Yew ruled Singapore from 1959 to 1990. He transformed the small country from a poor British colony to one of the richest countries in the world. Lee Kuan Yew died at the age of 91 on 23rd March. Tens of thousands of people lined the streets and watched his funeral procession . It rained heavily, but they did not mind it. They wanted to see Lee’s coffin and sing his name with others. Many people were dressed in the mourning colours of black and white.	Tens of thousands of people braved heavy rain, lining the streets Singapore, to catch a glimpse of the coffin of founding Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew as his funeral procession wound through the country he helped build. The procession carrying Lee, who died on Monday March 23rd aged 91, will pass through Tanjong Pagar, the constituency he represented for 60 years before continuing its 15.4-kilometre journey to the funeral ceremony at the National University of Singapore. Singaporeans, many dressed in the mourning colours of black and white, waited for hours to watch the procession, chanting “Lee Kuan Yew” as it passed. Rain started pouring minutes before the funeral procession started but that didn’t discourage spectators . “I guess maybe this rain that it’s a good sign, I suppose, you know. Everyone is together here. It is very sad at the moment, but rejoicing, I suppose, and giving thanks to everything that he’s done for us.” Lee had receded from public and political life of the past few years but was still seen as an influential figure in the government. He ruled Singapore from 1959 to 1990 and is credited with transforming the tiny island nation from a poor British colonial trading port into one of the world’s wealthiest countries.
The US government wants to make money from oil in Alaska. Between 4 and 11 billion barrels of crude oil are in Alaska. The US president, Donald Trump, wants to make a deal with oil companies. But he does not have much time. Donald Trump will end his job soon. Joe Biden will become the new president. He does not want to make oil business in Alaska. He wants to protect it. Alaska is one of the last really wild US places. Many special animals live there, for example polar bears and reindeer. If Trump makes the deal, the situation will be difficult for Biden. It will not be easy to stop the deal.	The US president, Donald Trump, wants to sell drilling rights in Alaska, and he wants to do it fast before the new president, Joe Biden, takes over. Experts said that there could be between 4.3 and 11.8 billion barrels of oil in Alaska, but environmentalists argue that Alaska is one of the country´s last truly wild places. There is a large population of polar bears, reindeer, and birds. The president-elect, Joe Biden, promised that he would stop all oil exploration in Alaska, and he said that he would protect the area. But if Donald Trump sells the drilling rights before Joe Biden becomes the president, it can be very difficult for Biden to change the situation.	The US president Donald Trump is rushing to auction drilling rights in the US Arctic National Wildlife Refuge before the inauguration of president-elect, Joe Biden. Biden has promised to block oil exploration in the rough Alaska wilderness, and he has committed to permanently protect the refuge . He said that there would be a big disaster, with environmentalists claiming that Arctic oil development imperils one of the country´s last truly wild places. A strip of northeast Alaska is populated by polar bears, caribou , and more than 200 species of birds. However, if the Trump administration sells drilling rights first, it could be complicated to stop the process. Formally issued drilling and gas leases on federal land are government contracts and they cannot be easily removed.
Jupiter has moons. Europa is one of them. It might support life. NASA’s Hubble Space Telescope finds water on this moon. The water is flying into the air. NASA wants to send a spacecraft to Europa. It wants to do this in the mid-2020s.	Europa is one of Jupiter’s biggest moons. It is one of the candidates that could support life in our solar system. NASA’s Hubble Space Telescope discovered water. It was spewed on the moon. In the mid-2020s, a NASA spacecraft will launch . It will fly near Europa more than 40 times to take pictures of it.	Europa is one of Jupiter’s biggest moons and one of the most promising candidates for harbouring life in the solar system. NASA’s Hubble Space Telescope discovered what may be plumes of water spewing on this moon. A planned NASA spacecraft, targeted for launch in the mid-2020s, will make more than 40 close flybys. The observations mean that future missions to Europa may be able to take samples from its ocean.
This news is about a lawyer . His name is Yuri. He is from Moscow. He moves to a forest. He lives there in a hut . He has a white rabbit. Yuri’s hut is underground. It has a door. It looks like a hobbit door. People call Yuri the Hobbit. The Hobbit makes videos, and puts them on YouTube. He also gives lectures on The Cherry Orchard . He has 4,500 books. He shares his books with people.	This news is about a lawyer from Moscow. Five-and-a-half years ago, he decided to give up his career and moved to a forest. He lives there in a hut with a white rabbit. The hut is underground and one door looks like a hobbit door. That is why people call Yuri the Hobbit. However, he says that he is more like a character from Alice in Wonderland . The Hobbit runs a YouTube channel, gives lectures on Chekhov’s Cherry Orchard , and is part of the BookCrossing movement. This is a way to share books – you can leave a book in a public place and take another one. Yuri has registered around 4,500 books.	Five-and-a-half years ago, a lawyer in Moscow decided to leave his legal career behind and live in a hut in a forest. The right entrance to his underground home looks like a hobbit door, so people started to call him the Hobbit. However, Yuri Alexeyev insists that he is more like a character from Alice in Wonderland and he even has a white rabbit. The former lawyer has joined the BookCrossing movement, which is the practice of leaving a book in a public place so others can pick it up and read it, and they do likewise . So far, Yuri registered around 4,500 books. He also gives lectures on Chekhov’s masterpiece The Cherry Orchard in his hut, and he runs his own YouTube channel.
Oakland Zoo is in California, USA. A baby baboon is born there. He is one month old now. He spends all of his time with his mum. He clings onto her. These baboons are from the north-east of Africa. The zoo says that their population is going up.	At Oakland Zoo in California, USA, a baby baboon was born. He is one month old now and spends his time with his mum, as he clings onto her. These baboons come from the north-east of Africa. The zoo says that their population is increasing .	At Oakland Zoo in California, USA, Mousa is a newborn Hamadryas baboon; he is one month old and mainly clings onto his mum, Mocha. The animals come from the Horn of Africa . The zoo says that the Hamadryas baboon population is overall increasing.
In the US, a strong storm is coming to Texas. It is the strongest in 12 years. The storm can become a hurricane. Its winds can blow at 210 kilometres per hour. At the ocean, people have to evacuate . A policeman says that people have to leave. He says that it would be hard to help them if they stay. Inland , people reinforce their homes. After the hurricane, there could be many days of rain.	In the US, the strongest storm in 12 years is coming to Texas. Scientists named the storm Hurricane Harvey, and it could grow to be a Category 3 hurricane, which means that its winds could reach 210 kilometres/hour. Along the ocean, the government gave mandatory evacuation orders and inland , people reinforced their homes. A sheriff warned people that they needed to follow the orders and that he would not send boats to help them if they stayed. Once the hurricane hits land, there could be many days of rain.	In the US, Texas is getting ready for the strongest storm to come to the mainland in 12 years. Scientists named this storm Hurricane Harvey, and it could become a Category 3 hurricane, which means that its winds will reach 210 kilometres/hour. In coastal regions, the government issued  mandatory evacuations and at 100 miles inland, people reinforced their homes. A sheriff warned people that they needed to leave and that he would not send boats to rescue them if they chose to stay. Once the hurricane hits land, if the eye of the storm sits in one place, there could be days and days of rain.
Polar bear triplets are born. They are born in Holland. They are healthy. They are active. The little bears are with their mother. All of them are in a den . The den is made of snow. People cannot enter it, but they can watch. There is a camera inside the den. Not all small polar bears survive their first winter. The next few weeks are going to be hard for them.	A polar bear gave birth to rare polar bear triplets at a wildlife park in Holland. The little ones appear to be in good health. They are active and big enough to survive. The cubs are with their mother inside their den , which is made of snow. People from the park cannot enter the den or do anything. They can only watch the family with a camera. The next few weeks are going to be hard for the cubs. Not all polar bears make it through their first winter.	Rare polar bear triplets have been born at a wildlife park in Holland. Mother Freedom gave birth to the adorable  cubs at the Netherlands Wild Life Park on Saturday. Keepers say the little ones, which are yet to be named, appear to be in good health. “At this moment they look very healthy, they are drinking with the mother, they are very – how do you call that – active and they look very nice. They are big, big enough to survive, so we hope they will survive.” The cubs are enjoying exploring their new surroundings and are currently enclosed inside their artificial snow and ice den where keepers can watch them from a webcam so they don’t disturb the new family. “They are in a den inside – very quiet, no noise. The mother has to do it all by herself and we can only observe the polar bear cubs and the mother with the webcam and for the rest we can do nothing.” The next few weeks are crucial for the cubs’ survival as it’s very rare that all polar bear cubs make it through their first winter and it’s even rarer for female polar bears to give birth to triplets.
The Airlander is a new aircraft . It is like an airship . It is also like a plane. It is also like a helicopter. It is really big. It is as long as a football pitch. It is as tall as six double-decker buses. It is the biggest aircraft in the world. A company in England makes the Airlander. It says that it is very good. It says that it is like a big aeroplane. It can carry a lot of things. It is very quiet. It is also eco-friendly . The company has a plan. It wants to build twelve Airlanders every year.	The Airlander is a cross between a plane, an airship , and a helicopter. It is really big – it is as long as a football pitch and as tall as six double-decker buses. People call it the biggest aircraft in the world. Recently, the Airlander made its debut in England. Before its first use, however, it must fly at least for 200 hours. The makers of the aircraft believe that it could be the aircraft of the future. It can carry as much as a big airplane, but it produces much less noise and it is eco-friendly. The company plans to build twelve Airlanders every year.	Is it a bird? Is it a plane? Well, it’s actually quite hard to define! The Airlander’s a cross between a plane, an airship, and a helicopter. And it’s massive – as long as a football pitch and as tall as six double-decker buses. Small wonder it’s been dubbed the biggest aircraft in the world. Today the Airlander made its debut flight in the UK, floating in a hangar at Cardington airport in Bedfordshire. The hybrid aircraft needs to clock up 200 hours of flying time before it’s deemed  airworthy by the Civil Aviation Authority and the European Aviation Safety Agency. But its makers, Hybrid Air Vehicles, believe it could be the aircraft of the future. They say that 25 million pound Airlander is capable of carrying heavier loads than a jumbo jet, while producing far less noise and emitting no pollution. The company reportedly plans to build twelve Airlanders every year by 2018, some of which could be used for passenger travel.
In 1932, Amelia Earhart flies alone over the Atlantic Ocean. She is the first woman pilot to do this. She has to land partway through her flight. She lands in Northern Ireland. In 1937, her navigator and she fly over the Pacific Ocean. They go missing . People do not know what happens to them until now. In 1940, people find a skeleton on a South Pacific island. Now people study this skeleton. They think that the skeleton is Amelia Earhart. They think that she crash-landed on the island and died.	In 1932, Amelia Earhart was the first woman to fly alone over the Atlantic Ocean. She had to land partway through her flight in Northern Ireland as she had trouble with her plane. In 1937, the American pilot and her navigator disappeared while flying over the Pacific Ocean; no one knew what had happened to them until now. In 1940, people found a female skeleton on a South Pacific island, and now people believe that this is likely Earhart. Forensic analysis suggests that she may have crash-landed and died.	In 1932, Amelia Earhart was the first woman to fly solo over the Atlantic Ocean from Newfoundland to France. She had to land partway through her flight in Northern Ireland when she had problems with her plane 15 hours into the flight. On July 2 nd , 1937, the US aviator and her navigator Fred Noonan flew over the Pacific Ocean and disappeared; the mystery of what happened to Earhart has continued until now. In 1940, people found a female skeleton on the island of Nikumaroro in the South Pacific that people now believe is likely Earhart. New forensic analysis suggests that she may have crash-landed and died.
In 2017, a building in London is on fire. It is a high building where people live. Its name is Grenfell Tower. The fire is very big. Seventy-two people die. Survivors are filing a lawsuit against three companies. The lawsuit says that a Whirlpool fridge starts the fire. Materials in the building then burn really fast. These materials are made by Arconic and Celotex.	The Grenfell Tower fire in London took place almost two years ago, and seventy-two people died in the catastrophe. Survivors and families of those who died are taking legal action against three companies in the USA. The lawsuit says that a Whirlpool refrigerator was responsible for starting the fire. The materials on the walls of the building were made by companies Arconic and Celotex. The document says that the problem was that the materials burned really fast. According to the Washington Post, all three companies said that they would work with authorities to investigate the fire.	Nearly two years after the Grenfell Tower fire in London, survivors and families of those who died are taking legal action against three companies over the catastrophe in which 72 people died. The lawsuit filed in the USA last Tuesday says that a Whirlpool refrigerator was responsible for starting the fire, while Arconic cladding and Celotex insulation burnt as fast as to turn the building into a ‘flaming coffin’. According to the Washington Post, all three companies said that they would work with authorities to investigate the fire.
A whale gets stuck on a beach in Australia. The whale is still a baby. It is between 15 and 20 tonnes heavy. People try to save it, but it is not easy. They put water on the whale. They build a tent above it. They want to move the whale into the water, but the rope breaks. This happens five times. Finally, people get a special harness . A boat moves the whale into the water.	A baby whale was stuck on a beach in Australia for two days. Rescuers tried to free it, who weighed between 15 and 20 tonnes. Volunteers  even put up tents to protect the whale from sunlight. They kept the whale wet. It was not easy to help it. They wanted to move it into the water, but the rope snapped five times. Finally, a special harness allowed a boat to pull the whale back into the sea.	A baby humpback whale that was stranded on a beach on Australia’s Gold Coast for two days has been freed in a dramatic rescue. Staff from Sea World saved the creature after it became stuck on Palm Beach, south of Brisbane, on Tuesday. Rescuers tried to free the baby whale, who weighs between 15 and 20 tonnes, after the tow rope repeatedly snapped , drawing in hundreds of onlookers. Volunteers even put up tents to cover the whale for shade and kept it wet until they tried to free it again. After five attempts, a special harness allowed a motorboat to pull the whale off the beach and back into the sea. Despite the traumatic time for the little whale, Sea World staff is hopeful it will survive.
Charlie Chaplin is born in London. He has a wife and eight children. They live in the USA. In the 1950s, they must leave. It is the McCarthy era and people say that he likes communism . They all go to Switzerland. Chaplin lives there for 25 years. He dies on Christmas Day in 1977. He is 88. People plan a museum. It takes them 15 years. Finally, the museum opens. Its name is “Chaplin’s World”. The museum is Chaplin’s old home. The museum shows the life and work of Charlie Chaplin. There are images and 30 wax figures . Two of the wax figures are Albert Einstein and Michael Jackson.	After 15 years of planning, a museum called Chaplin’s World opened in a village on Lake Geneva. Chaplin spent the last 25 years of his life there with his wife and their eight children. The museum showcases the life and works of Charlie Chaplin, the London-born comedian. The exhibition includes a Hollywood-style studio, images, and a mock “Easy Street” – a setting for one of his classic movies. There are more than 30 wax figures, including people who were important to him, like Albert Einstein, and artists, like Michael Jackson. Charlie Chaplin and his wife had to leave the United States in the 1950s during the McCarthy Era because people thought that he like communism. The actor died on Christmas Day in 1977 at the age of 88.	It’s taken 15 years of planning and finally a museum showcasing the life and works of Charlie Chaplin is set to open its doors in Switzerland, paying tribute to the London-born comedian. Chaplin’s World is set in a park on the estate of Manoir de Ban, in the village of Corsier-sur-Vevey on Lake Geneva. Chaplin spent the last 25 years of his life here, with his wife and their eight children. The exhibition includes a Hollywood-style studio, a tour with images detailing Chaplin’s life and work, and a mock “Easy Street” – a setting for one of his classic movies. There are more than 30 wax figures, including people who mattered to him, like Albert Einstein, and artists, such as Michael Jackson. Charlie Chaplin and his wife were forced to leave the United States in the 1950s during the McCarthy Era, as the actor was suspected to have communist sympathies. He died on Christmas Day in 1977 at the age of 88.
Some people love unusual and dangerous sports. A group of athletes have a dream. They plan an event in the Swiss mountains. They want to go down a mountain. Different people do it differently. A helicopter takes the athletes up the mountain. The men go down. Some men windsurf . Some men have snowboards. Another sport they use is speed riding. People use a paraglider and skis in this sport. Some people use a kite and a snowboard. Some athletes never do anything like this in the past. They are scared. They still love the feeling. The X-Project is a film, too. It is full of beautiful images. It shows how the athletes move.	The X-Project is a special event for people who love extreme sports. For many years, some of the world´s best athletes wanted to get together in one event which would combine different sports. The X-Project took place in the beautiful Swiss mountains and there were athletes who did windsurfing, speed riding , snowboarding, and snowkiting . They got to the top of a mountain in a helicopter and their task was to get down. Some athletes said that they were scared because they never did anything like this before. They were very excited, too. Filmmakers made a film about the event. The film was full of amazing images of the beautiful mountains, and it showed the sports from a completely new view.	Different sports have combined for the X-Project, a daredevil hybrid event in the breathtaking snowy landscape of the Engadin Mountains in Switzerland. The X-Project is an old dream has been planned in the making for years. At the heart of it, it´s windsurfing in powder snow alongside speed riding, snowboarding, and snowkiting. Athletes were taken on the top of the mountain in a helicopter, and they had to use their own particular skills to reach the bottom. The project brought together the world´s best athletes, including a professional windsurfer and world champion, Balz Muller. Muller said that he always chased the rush of adrenaline , the speed, and fear of trying something new. The X-Project film was shot in the dreamy mountains, creating amazing and never-before-seen images that showed fascinating angles and maneuvers , and they opened up new dimensions in winter sports.
Albino skin sometimes happens in animals and in humans. People see it in mammals , birds and reptiles . It happens because their skin does not have colour. It rarely happens in marine mammals. In 2008, marine experts in Mexico see a young albino whale. She is part of a group of grey whales. Recently, marine experts see the same albino whale. She now has a baby with her. Her baby has normal colour.	Albinism happens when an animal or a human is born with very little or without the pigment melanin that makes colour in the skin. People see it in mammals, birds and reptiles, but rarely in marine mammals, until the 2008 to 2009 season of the grey whale migration near Mexico. During that season, experts saw a young albino whale. Now, the experts study grey whales off the Pacific Coast and see the albino whale again. She swims with her baby that is normal-coloured.	People named an Albino whale Gallon of Milk for her bright white skin when people first spotted her in 2008. In 2016, biologists later saw her swimming with her calf, which is normal-coloured. The marine biologists were doing their census of grey whales (to which family she belongs) off Mexico’s Pacific coast. Albinism is a genetic disorder which results in either the reduction or complete absence of the pigment melanin . People have recorded it in different mammals, birds and reptiles, but there are very few records of albino cetaceans . For the last 20 years, the annual migration of grey whales off the coast of Mexico has been monitored during mating and reproduction seasons. By keeping an eye on the whales, the biologists have documented a successful recovery of the grey whale population, ensuring the survival of the species for future generations.
In Northern Italy, there are heavy rains. Two rivers overflow . There are floods there now. Thousands of people must leave their homes. Firefighters are helping people.	In Northern Italy, there are floods, and thousands of people are evacuated. After heavy rain, two rivers overflowed . Firefighters are working to restore the banks of the two rivers, so people can return home.	Thousands of people evacuated from their homes after the flooding of a region in northern Italy. Two rivers overflowing after heavy rain caused these floods. Firefighters are working to restore the banks of the two rivers to allow the residents to return home.
There were two buildings in New York. They looked the same. They were the Twin Towers. They are not in New York now. They were destroyed in 2001. Now there is a new building. It is the One Trade Center. It has 104 storeys . It cost 3.9 billion dollars to make. One company moves into the building. It has floors 20 to 44. More people will move in the building in 2015.	People destroyed the Twin Towers 13 years ago. Now, the new building called the One World Trade Center is finished. It is a 104- storey skyscraper. About 170 employees of a company already are moving in. They will occupy floors 20 to 44. The publishing company owns The New Yorker, Vanity Fair and other magazines. Another 3,000 people will move in in early 2015. The building cost 3.9 billion dollars to make. People planned to finish it by 2006, but there were some delays .	More than thirteen years after the original towers were destroyed in the 9/11 attacks, New York’s World Trade Center has reopened for business . With enthusiasm  tinged by emotional  remembrance , employees at publishing giant Condé Nast are starting to move in to the One World Trade Center. They are the first wave for 3400 company staffers to occupy America’s tallest skyscraper , the 104-storey gleaming tower in Lower Manhattan. About 170 employees will be moving into the building this week, filling five floors. About 3,000 more employees will then join them in early 2015. The publishing company which owns The New Yorker, Vanity Fair and other magazines, is the first renter to set up offices in the tower where it will occupy floors 20 to 44. The 3.9 billion dollar tower rose from the rubble , overcoming repeated delays that pushed back the original 2006 completion date.
Scientists have some new information. They say that there is a ninth planet in our solar system . The planet is 10 times bigger than Earth . It is 20 times farther away from the sun than Earth. We cannot see the planet, but we can watch how it moves. Experts are looking for the planet. They know that it is there. They must only find it.	Scientists have some new and exciting information. They found the ninth planet in the solar system. It is 10 times bigger than Earth and 20 times farther away from the sun than Earth. However, scientists have not seen the planet yet. They only saw its influence on part of the solar system. They know that the planet is there; they just need to find it. If the planet is real, its orbit is very elliptical .	Scientists observed some very strange behaviour at the edge of our solar system, and the only possible explanation is that there is another planet which is 9 th . No one has seen this planet, but we have seen its gravitational influence . The scientists modelled the hypothetical planet’s gravitational effects on several known bodies in the region and found a near perfect match, which they described as a jaw-dropping moment. For the observable effects to occur, the planet would be about 10 times bigger than Earth and be much farther than Neptune on a very elliptical orbit . The next scientific discovery now remains to observe the planet directly.
There is a beauty contest in China. It is not about beautiful people. It is about beautiful goldfish. Around 10,000 goldfish can be Miss Goldfish. There are 16 categories . How do you know which fish is the best? People look at the colour, the body, and the swimming of the fish. Goldfish in this part of China are popular. People export them to countries around the world.	A beauty contest took place in China. It only wasn’t about beautiful people, but it was about beautiful goldfish. Around 10,000 goldfish competed for the title of Miss Goldfish. There were 16 different categories, and the judges graded the fish in five aspects – features , colour, figure, swimming and general impression . People often export goldfish from this region of China to Japan, Singapore and other countries around the world.	A beauty contest with a slightly different twist took place on Thursday, as around 10,000 goldfish with exotic  figures  vied for the title of Miss Goldfish. Yes, you heard right, in Fuzhou, China, Panda Butterfly Tails, Pearl Scales with Red Crowns, as well as 10,000 goldfish beauties contended for champions in 16 categories. Breeders battled it out for a range of different titles, with the World Goldfish Queen crown the most fiercely  contested category. The criteria for Miss Goldfish is graded in five aspects – features, colour, figure, swimming appearance and general impression. A goldfish with a curled tail fin and bright colours stood out among the 30 in the “red and white ranchu” category. Besides its magnificent figure, it apparently also swam beautifully. Goldfish originating from Fuzhou are often exported to Japan, Singapore and other countries around the world.
This news is about a machine. It is a hoverbike . Russian engineers make it. They call it Scorpion-3. The hoverbike can stay in the air. It can fly! It can fly 48 kilometres per hour. You can go 10 metres high. It can fly for 30 minutes. It costs around $150,000.	Russian engineers created a hoverbike . You can ride it like a normal bike, fly up to 48 kilometres per hour, and go up to 10 metres. The machine is called Scorpion-3, and it can stay in the air for 30 minutes on one charge . It can be yours for around $150,000.	Russian engineers crafted a hoverbike which you can ride with all the ease of your standard dirt bike. The machine, dubbed the Scorpion-3, is capable of reaching speeds of up to 48 kilometres per hour and at an altitude of 10 metres. The hoverbike can stay airborne for half an hour on one charge and it can be yours for around $150,000. There are even plans for it to be used for everyday purposes such as your daily commute .
This story is about a milkman. He is British. His name is John. He delivers milk. He does this for 43 years. He delivers 4,731,764 litres of milk. Now, he is retiring . His job is not just about the milk. It is about the customers . Many people are lonely. John gives them their milk, and he talks with them. This makes people happy. John is married. Do you know how he met his wife? She was his customer!	This story is about a British milkman. In 1972, John started delivering milk, and he kept his job until now. He delivered 4,731,764 litres of milk. Now, he is retiring . However, he says that his job is about a lot more than just milk. It is about customers . A lot of people are lonely, and they get very happy when they see John and talk for a few minutes. It makes their day. Because of his job, John also found the love of his life. His wife was originally just a customer.	“The early mornings are actually fun when there’s nobody about.” Milkman John Diggs’ day certainly starts early. He gets up each morning at 1 a.m. and has been doing for 43 years; until now, he’s retiring. “I feel cheated because the train robbers never got that long!” In 1972, John started his first round and since then he has delivered 10 million pints (4,731,764 litres) of milk but John says the job involves much more than that. “How you doing, all right?” “You know, there are so many people out there who look forward to going to the door and having a chat. Some people, they don’t see people, they might not see anybody for two days, three days.” “Morning!” “You turn up , you spend ten minutes, have a chat with them. It makes their day, it makes them feel as though like they’re still alive.” And on one delivery, he even found love. Well, believe it or not, I actually married one of our customers. She wanted to cancel her milk, so I tempted her to take her out for a drink one night. And 27 years down the road , it’s a bit of history! I’ll miss the customers, you know, that’s the biggest thing, like going there every day, you see different people each day, you talk about different things. You know, I will miss it.” “ Ta ta !”
Jakarta is Indonesia’s capital. The city has problems. It is overcrowded. Too many people live there. There are often traffic jams . People say that traffic jams cost $7 billion a year. Also, the city is sinking . More than one half of it is below the sea. Due to these problems, the Indonesian president decides to move the capital. This can take up to 10 years. It is going to cost $23–$33 billion.	Jakarta is Indonesia’s capital, and it is home to more than 10 million people. Indonesia’s planning minister recently said that the Indonesian president decided to move the capital. Jakarta is on the island of Java, and it is one of the most overcrowded places in the world. The overpopulation is the main reason for the big move. The planning minister said that the city’s traffic jams cost the economy more than $7 billion a year. Jakarta is also one the world’s fastest sinking cities. One half of it lays below sea level.	Jakarta, which is home to more than 10 million people, is Indonesia’s capital on the island of Java.  However, Indonesia’s planning minister recently said that President Joko Widodo has decided to relocate the capital to a new city outside of Java. The future capital is yet to be formally picked, but the city of Palangkaraya on the island of Borneo is a frontrunner . The main reason for the big move is Jakarta’s overpopulation. It is one of the most congested places in the world. The planning minister estimated that the city’s traffic jams cost the economy more than $7 billion a year. Also, Jakarta is one of the fastest-sinking cities in the world – one half of the city lays below sea level.
The Open Water Swimming Championship happens in Minsk, Belarus. This is the second year of the event. Hundreds of people come from around Europe. They want to take part. One man says that the event is like a club. The club is for people who like difficult sports. He wants to make the event even better. He wants to have a World Cup next year.	The Open Water Swimming Championship took place in Minsk, Belarus. Hundreds of people from across Europe came to take part. This was the second year of the icy event, which has become a hotspot for thrill seekers . One man said that the event is becoming a club for people who are involved in extreme sports. He said that with their feedback, the event will improve. He hopes that there will be an ice swimming World Cup next year.	The Open Water Swimming Championship took place in Minsk, Belarus, and hundreds of participants from across Europe came to be part of it. This is its second year and the icy event is a hotspot for thrill seekers . One man said that it is becoming like a club for people who are involved in extreme sports and with their feedback, the event will improve. He hopes that next year the championship can stage an ice swimming World Cup. With a World Cup in the cards , it will be seen if people will want to take up the chilly challenge!
There is a battle in London. It happens near Tower Bridge. 125 men are in the battle. Many of them are professionals. The battle promotes a game. Its name is Clash of Kings. You can play the game on iOS and Android devices . It is a strategy game. The battle surprises people. It is something special.	In the shadow of Tower Bridge in London last Wednesday, 125 men did battle in the name of the Red King. The battle was to promote  Clash of Kings – a real-time strategy game for iOS and Android devices. In it, players battle to build and protect their empire. The battle surprised commuters and tourists. Many of the men in the battle are professional battle re-enactors.	You can see some pretty strange things on a London commute – but not since the Middle Ages has the city seen anything quite like this. In the shadow of Tower Bridge today, 125 noble knights did battle in the name of the Red King. “I am the one king. The only king! The true king!” The battle was to promote Clash of Kings – a real-time strategy game for iOS and Android devices. In it, players battle to build an empire, defeating enemies to retain control of their kingdoms. And today the Red King did just that, claiming victory over this monstrous opposition as confused tourists and commuters looked on. “We’re from the US and this is our first day in London. We never thought we’d see anything like this.” “This isn’t what Londoners normally do in parks, is it?” Certainly not, but it was all in a day’s work for these men, many of whom are professional battle re-enactors and most of whom survived the battle unscathed . “Yeah, a slip here and there. Bit of a hip gone, but apart from that, yeah, I survived. And now enjoying a beer.” Never has a beer been quite so hard-won!
The government of the USA wants to help people who use drugs. In Washington, many people die because they use drugs. The government has a plan to help these people. The government will give information to children about drugs. The government will help people who already use drugs. The plan can cost $24 million. The government wants to do this plan soon.	In Washington, the government of the USA wants to reduce the number of deaths which are caused by drugs. Recently , the number of deaths went up more than three times, and African-Americans are more than 80 percent of those deaths. The government wants to focus on prevention and educating children. The plan will cost $24 million and the money will come from the government. The plan will be implemented by September 2020.	By 2020, In Washington, the government of the USA hopes to reduce the number of drug -related deaths by half. Recently, according to a report, deaths increased more than three times, and African-Americans are more than 80 percent of those deaths. The government wants to focus on prevention, treatment and educating children. The plan may cost around $24 million and money will come from a federal grant . The government will implement this plan by September 2020.
Scientists find shipwrecks . They are at the bottom of the Black Sea. The ships are around 2,400 years old. One of them is a trading ship . The ships are in very deep water. There is no oxygen there. Due to this, the ships still look good.	Scientists found ancient shipwrecks at the bottom of the Black Sea off of Bulgaria, and they believe that one of the wrecks is 2,400 years old and was a Greek trading vessel . The shipwrecks were in such deep water that there is no oxygen, and this means they are very well-preserved . This is the first time people can have a look at ships this old. Before, we could only see them in books or in paintings.	People found a never-before-seen shipwreck off the coast of Bulgaria in the Black Sea. Scientists believe that one of the wrecks is a 2,400-year-old Greek trading vessel . Edward Price from the Black Sea Maritime Archaeology Project said that there are ships at the bottom of the ocean that people have never seen; we have only seen them in paintings, murals and books. The oxygen-free environment means that the wrecks are extremely well preserved, and the recent findings led to their own documentary project at the British Museum.
Mendocino, California, is a town on the west coast of the US. This year is very dry. It does not rain much. People in the town do not have enough water. Restaurants and hotels close. They do not have water. Tourists cannot use the toilets. Some businesses buy water from special tanks . These tanks bring water from other cities. This water is expensive. Other cities do not have much water, either. The situation is critical . Officials are thinking about how to solve it. People hope that it will rain. Sadly, the forecast is bad. Some people say that the only thing that can help is a desalination plant. A desalination plant changes sea water into drinking water.	This year was very dry, and experts said that 40% of the US had a drought . Mendocino, California, is a small town which lies near Lake Mendocino, one of the biggest water reservoirs in the area. Sadly, lakes are running out of water, and so local hotels and restaurants cannot be open. Tourists cannot use toilets because there is not enough water to flush them. The town is buying water from nearby cities, but the cities do not want to sell water anymore because they do not have enough, either. The town´s officials must quickly find ways about how to solve the problem. They hope that there will be enough rain to fill the reservoirs, but the possibility of rain is bad. Some people say that it will be necessary to build a desalination plant which will turn sea water into drinking water. It will take a lot of time because there are no pipes to get sea water from the ocean to the town.	The severe drought gripping the western US is drying up major water reservoirs like Lake Mendocino in California. The tourist town is just feet away from the largest water reservoir on the planet, the Pacific Ocean; however, the town is running out of water. Meteorologists or weather men and women say that this has been one of the worst droughts in the last 100 years. Small businesses in the town are on the edge of closing down to recover. Some apartments and businesses don´t have enough water to flush the toilets, and they spend thousands of dollars to buy water from delivery trucks just to stay open. The town is turning to neighboring cities to buy water; however, those cities are stopping the sales because they´re running out, too. Mendocino can´t keep up with the tourist demand, and water officials are seeking ways to help restaurants and hotels survive because local people also depend on them. Some suggest that building a desalination plant is the only solution, as the weather forecast is not promising to refill the reservoirs.
A baby bird lives at a zoo in Prague. It is an endangered bird. The zookeepers feed it with a puppet. The puppet is not a perfect imitation of an adult bird. However, the baby likes it. The puppet teaches the baby. The baby learns how to have its own babies when it grows up. This type of bird is one of the most endangered birds on Earth. Fewer than 50 of them live in the wild .	At a zoo in Prague, zookeepers use a puppet to feed an endangered baby magpie . The puppet teaches the baby how to have its own babies when it grows up. The puppet is not a perfect imitation of an adult magpie, but the baby responds to it. This type of magpie is one of the most endangered birds on Earth, as fewer than 50 live in the wild.	At a zoo in Prague, zookeepers are using a puppet to feed an endangered baby green magpie . The puppet teaches the baby how to have its own babies when it is an adult. The puppet is not a perfect imitation of an adult magpie, but the baby responds to it as if it were. Green magpies are one of the most endangered birds on Earth, as fewer than 50 live in the wild.
In Africa, people fly vintage planes. These planes are called biplanes. They have two wings on top of one another. They are from the 1920s and 1930s. People fly these planes to recreate a route . It is an old route. They do this to make money for a charity. They fly these planes 12,800 kilometres. They fly from Nairobi to Cape Town, Africa. It takes them two weeks.	During the Vintage Air Rally , people flew biplanes from the 1920s and 1930s over Africa. They are recreating the route that Imperial Airways flew when Britain colonised other countries. They are doing this to support charity. They expect to fly 12,800 kilometres, until they reach Cape Town in two weeks.	Aviators flew vintage planes over Nairobi, Africa during the Vintage Air Rally , an event that recognises biplanes from the 1920s and 1930s. People think that the oldest plane in the event is from 1928. In a race supporting charity, the aviators are recreating the route that Imperial Airways flew during the time of British colonialization. People expect to fly the biplanes 12,800 kilometres and expect to reach Cape Town in two weeks.
The Thwaites Glacier is in Antarctica. A glacier is a large amount of snow. It moves slowly like a river. The Thwaites Glacier is as big as Florida, USA. The glacier is a part of an ice shelf . In the next ten years, scientists say that the shelf will break. In the future, this means that the glacier will break, too. Scientists do not know when it will happen. It can happen in hundreds of years. When it happens, the sea will rise by 60 centimeters on all our planet. Still, it can happen much sooner. There is water under the glacier. Last year, scientists learn that the water is too warm. It is bad for the glacier. Warm water destroys it.	The Thwaites Glacier is in Antarctica, and it is as big as Florida, USA. Last week, scientists warned that it could break into pieces, which would be a world disaster. The Thwaites Ice Shelf supports the glacier, and scientists believe that it will break within 5 to 7 years. This means that the glacier will completely break in the future, too. Scientists are not sure when exactly it will happen. It can take hundreds of years, but it can be much sooner. Scientists worry a lot because when it happens, the sea level will rise by about 60 centimeters on the whole planet. In 2020, scientists learned that water under the glacier was two degrees above zero. This warm water causes the glacier to erode faster, and that reason is why scientists are afraid of what will happen in the future. It is clear that the sea water temperature will rise in the future, too, and this can make the glacier erode even faster.	Known as the doomsday glacier, the Thwaites Glacier in Antarctica is in danger of collapsing, according to scientists. The glacier is the size of Florida, and it currently adds to 4% of the annual global sea level rise. Now, scientists are warning that a part at the front of the glacier could collapse within the next five to ten years. They say that this doomsday scenario may not happen for centuries; however, when it does, the effect will be a disaster. If the glacier collapses entirely, there would be about 60 centimeters of sea level rise over the entire planet. Research suggested that when it happens, it might cause a bigger collapse of the west Antarctic ice sheet. The ice sheet is a large group of glaciers in Antarctica. The Thwaites Ice Shelf is an underground shelf holding the glacier, and it is likely to collapse within a decade. This will lead to a complete disintegration of the Thwaites Glacier over time of coming centuries. In 2020, scientists discovered warm water under the glacier for the first time. The melting of the glacier from warmed ocean water seems to be stronger than expected. Researchers noted with concern that at the base of the glacier under the water, the temperature of that water is already more than two degrees above freezing.
An earthquake hits Turkey last week. An earthquake is when the ground moves. The earthquake is strong. The magnitude is between 6.6 and 7. This means it is big. Several buildings fall down in the city of Izmir. At least 80 people die. But many people are still missing . Rescuers work hard to find them. Thousands of people help search through the rubble . They use diggers. Diggers are heavy machines that builders use. They save a man. The man is 70 years old. He stays in the rubble for 33 hours. Rescuers also save a young girl. She is 14 years old. An ambulance takes her to hospital. Rescuers are very happy. The earthquake hits Greece, too. A few buildings fall down. Two teenagers die.	Last week, an earthquake hit the Turkish city of Izmir. Officials said that the earthquake was a magnitude between 6.6 and 7. Several buildings collapsed in the city, which killed at least 80 people. Thousands of people worked all weekend and they tried to rescue missing people from the rubble. They used diggers to put the rubble away. They saved a 70-year-old man who stayed in the rubble for 33 hours. They also rescued a 14-year-old girl, and when an ambulance was taking the girl away, all rescue workers cheered and clapped. The earthquake also killed two teenagers on the Greek island of Samos.	Last week, an earthquake of an estimated magnitude of 7 struck the Turkish port city of Izmir. A shallow tremor triggered tidal waves that hit coastal areas in both Turkey and Greece. Two teenagers died on the Greek Island of Samos. In Turkey, at least 80 deaths were confirmed, and dozens of people were missing. Thousands of personnel were sent to work through the night near collapsed buildings to aid rescue efforts, using mechanical diggers to remove rubble. Turkish rescue teams continued to search for survivors for several days. A 70-year-old man was pulled from rubble after being trapped for 33 hours. Rescue workers clapped in unison after a dramatic rescue of a 14-year-old girl on Monday.
Dwain Chambers is a sprinter . He is very fast. He is British. He is 38 years old. He races against a horse. They race on a 100-metre track . The man starts out faster than the horse. However, the horse gets close behind him soon. In the end, the man wins. His time is 10.36 seconds.	Dwain Chambers is a 38-year-old sprinter. He is one of the fastest European sprinters, but can he beat a racehorse ? Dwain Chambers and a racehorse raced 100 metres at a racecourse in England. The human started running immediately while the horse took a while to get moving. However, the horse soon got close behind Chambers. In the end, two legs were faster than four on the 100-metre course. The sprinter won in a time of 10.36 seconds.	Thirty-eight-year-old Dwain Chambers, a former Team GB sprinter, is one of the fastest European sprinters ever recorded, but can he beat a racehorse? Chambers and thoroughbred Heat Storm had a 100-metre race at a racecourse in England. The human got off to a flying start , but the horse soon got close behind him. In the end, two legs proved to be faster than four on the 100-metre track. The athlete won in a time of 10.36 seconds.
Big storms come to Sao Paolo. They knock down more than 1,700 trees. There are fallen trees everywhere. The city leaders don’t know what to do. They ask the people of Sao Paolo. Hugo Franca is an artist. He talks to the city leaders. He says that he will carve the trees. He will turn them into benches . He will turn them into furniture . He carves some trees. People use them. They like them! They sit on them. They relax, talk and read on them.	Storms knocked over more than 1,700 trees in Sao Paolo, and the city government wasn’t sure what to do with the wood strewn everywhere. So the government asked people in Sao Paolo what they thought that they should do. Hugo Franca, an artist, answered the city by saying that he would carve the trees into benches, furniture, and play equipment . Now, the residents of Sao Paolo have some sustainable art furniture that they can use to sit, relax, talk and read.	A designer from Sao Paolo is working with the city, making use of fallen trees to turn them into furniture to line the city’s parks, streets, and plazas . More than 1,700 trees fell over the rainy season, as lightning and high winds left the city wondering what to do with all the wood strewn throughout the city. So they asked artists and residents to find ways to make use of the fallen trees. And one artist, Hugo Franca, answered the call . Franca’s been carving huge benches, furniture and play equipment out of the trees. “We worked with the city and made use of all of the waste in the urban area, and through this process, worked the wood, the tree, given its shape, the organic formation and textures , and with this created a sculptured piece of furniture using all the residue in the city of Sao Paolo.” Several of his creations are already being used as sustainable art furniture and residents come to them to sit and relax, have a chat or read as they enjoy the day.
This news is from Australia. It is about a sheep. His name is Chris. Chris lives in the wild . People do not shear him. His wool just grows and grows. Chris gets really big. He has 40 kilograms of wool on him. Normally, he has 4 to 5 times less wool. Chris is in danger. People must shear him. Five men make him sleep and they shear him.	An Australian sheep named Chris was living in the wild for several years. His wool grew so much that it put him at risk of dying. He was four to five times his normal size. People called the national shearing champion for help. Five other shearers and he sedated Chris and gave him a haircut. They removed forty kilograms of wool. Without knowing it, Chris broke a world record.	Chris, an extremely overgrown Australian sheep, set an unofficial world record after living in the wild for several years. Welfare crews warned that he was at risk of dying because he was so woolly. National shearing champion Ian Elkins, who in 35 years of work had never seen anything like this, was urgently called by people to save the sheep. At four to five times the normal size of a regular sheep, Ian and four others sheared off more than 40 kilograms of wool. This was the heaviest wool haul from one shearing. Chris had to be sedated for his big transformation.
This news is about a zoo. For a price, you can play tug of war with tigers and lions. One of the zookeepers talks about this. He says that some zoos do it. He says that the game is an exercise for the animals. He says that people can learn about the animals from this. Some people criticise the zoo for this. They say that it is not normal for animals to play this game. They say that the zoo is doing it just to be special.	A zoo in England sells people a chance to play tug of war with its tigers and lions. A keeper from the zoo said that they saw that other zoos do it, so they tried it too. He says that it is an exercise for the animals and an education for the people – they can really understand how big and strong these cats are. However, some people criticise the zoo. They say that it is not normal for the animals and that the zoo is doing it just to be special.	People criticised a zoo in England for selling visitors a chance to take part in a game of tug of war with its tigers and lions. A keeper from the zoo said that workers saw other zoos doing it online, and they decided to try it out from themselves. He says that it is an exercise for the animals, and he believes that it is educational for people too – when people participate, they can truly understand how big and strong these big cats are. On the other hand, animal rights groups are worried that the activity is just a spectacle and is not natural for the animals. According to Director of LionAid, Dr Pieter, zoos exist to provide conservation and education, and if a zoo cannot provide that, it should not be in the business.
There is a difficult situation in Chile. One month ago, big protests start. Protesters do not like the high prices of public transportation. They start fights and fires in the streets. 20 people die. Protesters want better rights for the Chilean people and a new constitution . They do not like the constitution which they have. It comes from the time of dictator Augusto Pinochet. The Chilean government is working on a new constitution. It is a long process. When the constitution is ready, people can go to a referendum and vote. It can take two years to have a new constitution.	In Chile, there are strong protests against the government. There is a lot of crime and violence in the streets, and 20 people died. The protests started one month ago because of high prices of public transit. Protesters also want better human and social rights. The Chilean government announced that it is preparing a new constitution , however, this is a long process that can take some time. When the government prepares the constitution, people can go and vote in a referendum if they agree with it or not. It can take about two years to adopt the constitution.	The Chilean government announced that it will change the country´s constitution , which is a key demand from protesters all over the country. The protesters demand a better definition of human and social rights. The protests started nearly a month ago as a reaction to the rising prices of public transit. There has been a lot of violence and crime, and at least 20 people have died. The Chilean president, Sebastián Piñera, said that the government is working on a new constitution, but it will take some time. The new constitution will go to a public referendum and, it will take effect within two years.
A one-year-old baby boy plays outside. He is alone. He walks away. His mother does not know about this. The boy comes to a bus. He boards it. People see that the baby is alone. They call the police. The passengers take care of the baby. Police come. They find the mother an hour later.	A one-year-old boy was playing outside his mother’s shop in China. The mother was not with the baby, so she didn’t see him when he walked away. Later, a security camera on a bus filmed the baby boy – he boarded the bus on his own . The driver and the passengers saw that no adult was with the baby, so the driver stopped the bus and people called the police. Passengers took care of the baby until the officers came. They found the parents of the baby an hour later.	A one-year-old baby climbed aboard a bus on his own in Central China. Neither the passengers or the bus driver could see if an adult taking care of the toddler , and the bus driver pulled over and called police for help. Passengers volunteered to take care of the baby until the police got there. Officers managed to track  down his parents an hour later with the mother saying that her little boy was playing outside her cell phone store when she realised that he had gone off somewhere.
There are big fires in California. They are the worst fires in history. More than 14,000 firefighters try to stop the fires. However, the weather does not help. It is dry and windy. More than 2.3 million acres burn already. The situation is critical . People in San Francisco, California, wake up one morning. They cannot believe what they see. The sky is orange. Dark orange fog is everywhere. People think that it is the end of the world. Experts explain what happens. The fires make big clouds of smoke and ash . The clouds stay low above the ground. The sun cannot shine though the thick clouds. The sunshine makes different shades of orange.	One September morning, people in San Francisco woke up, and they saw something unbelievable. The sky was orange, and there was a thick dark fog. Some people thought that the end of the world was coming. The big cloud of smoke and ash was the result of the worst wildfires in California history, and it covered a big part of the state. More than 14,000 firefighters have tried to get the fires under control; however, 2.3 million acres have burned already. Experts say that the orange glow happens when the smoke stays low above the ground, and it filters the sun.	Unprecedented wildfires have plunged the San Francisco Bay into an apocalyptic orange glow. One morning, the dramatic haze obscured views of the city´s famous Golden Gate Bridge, and it stunned Bay Area residents. According to experts, the effect is from all the smoke that is sitting at lower elevations, and it is filtering the sun and producing various shades of orange. A massive cloud of smoke and ash has covered much of California, as the fires keep burning in the northern part of the state. A record 2.3 million acres have been burned across the state since the start of the wildfire season, with over 14,000 firefighters battling the fires.
A truck is driving along a road near the village of Kutsapo, India. The road is too narrow . The truck falls 21 meters into a gorge. A gorge is a gap between two hills or mountains. A river usually runs through a gorge. The village officials ask people for help. Many men come. They do not have any machines. They must use ropes . They pull the truck up a steep hill. They sing during the work. The men are successful. They get the truck back on the road. The driver of the truck does not have any injuries. He is a lucky man.	A truck in Nagaland state, India, was driving along a narrow road and it fell down a gorge . The local village officials asked the villagers for help. Many men came and they tried to pull the truck out of the gorge. The gorge was 21 meters deep and the men did not have any machines which they could use. They used only ropes and vines to get the truck back on the road and they were singing during the rescue operation . Officials said that the driver was very lucky because he did not suffer any injuries. People could watch a video of the operation on social media.	Footage shared on social media captured a unique rescue operation when hundreds of villagers from a community in India´s Nagaland state pulled a truck out of a gorge after it fell 21 meters from a narrow road. The local village administration had requested fit and healthy men from the village to join the mass rescue effort in the village of Kutsapo. Because no machinery was available, villagers used ropes and vines , singing as they worked, and they eventually pulled the truck up a steep bank and onto the road above. According to local reports, the driver of the truck wasn´t hurt when his vehicle crashed down into the gorge.
On Monday, the Russian President and the Ukrainian President meet. This is the first time since people vote in Ukraine in April. This meeting is very important. It can help end fights in Donbas, eastern Ukraine. The fights start in 2014. 13,000 people die there already. The two residents also meet with the French President and the German Chancellor. They plan to meet alone later. The Russian President is a skilled  speaker . Ukrainians worry that he wants to win the discussion which is not good for the future of Ukraine.	On Monday, the Russian President, Vladimir Putin, and the Ukrainian President, Volodymyr Zelensky, met in Paris for the first time since Zelensky become president in April. This meeting was very important because it could help end the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. The two presidents met alongside the French President, Emmanuel Macron, and the German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, but they plan to meet one-on-one , too. The main point of the meeting was to solve a conflict in eastern Ukraine where the two countries are fighting in the Donbas region. Around 13,000 people died there since the fight began in 2014. Ukrainians worry that the Russian President wants to get an advantage over the Ukrainian President, and this is not good for the future of Ukraine.	On Monday, the Russian President, Vladimir Putin, and the Ukrainian President, Volodymyr Zelensky, met in Paris. That was the first time that they have met in face-to-face talks since Zelensky was elected in April, and this meeting was very important for peace talks between the two countries. The focus of the talks was to resolve a five-year old conflict between the two countries in eastern Ukraine where the Ukrainian government has been battling Russian- backed forces in the Donbas region. According to the United Nations, around 13,000 people have been killed in the region since the fighting began in 2014. Ukrainians are concerned that Putin could outmaneuver Zelensky in these talks, and Ukraine could end up more disadvantaged. The two presidents met alongside the French President, Emmanuel Macron, and the German Chancellor, Angela Merkel. However, the Ukrainian president plans to hold a one-on-one meeting with Putin after Monday´s talks.
Britain and Germany fight in the Second World War. Britain drops thousands of bombs on Germany. People still find the bombs. Some are unexploded . They find a big bomb in Frankfurt, Germany. The bomb is 1.8 tonnes heavy. People within a 1.5-kilometre radius must evacuate . That is around 60,000 people. A team of experts defuse the bomb.	The British dropped thousands of bombs on Germany during WW2. Recently, people found an unexploded 1.8-tonne bomb in Frankfurt, Germany. The big bomb forced an evacuation within a 1.5-kilometre radius. Around 60,000 people had to evacuate. In particular , the evacuation affected hospital patients. A team of experts defused the bomb.	Bomb disposal experts in Germany defused a massive WW2 bomb nicknamed ‘Blockbuster’. The bomb was one of thousands dropped by the Royal Air Force from Britain during the war. The unexploded 1.8-tonne bomb forced an evacuation within a 1.5-kilometre radius, ruining the day for about 60,000 people in Frankfurt. Hospital patients were most affected by what is Germany’s biggest evacuation in recent years. One bomb disposal expert said that people first moved to the fuses and then the detonators , which were tricky, as any chemical reaction could have detonated the bomb.
This news is from Panama. The police are digging in sand. They find 97 boxes. There is cocaine in the boxes. This happens in Panama City. The cocaine is probably from South America. It is probably going to the USA. Central America is a main transit point for drugs.	The Panamanian anti- narcotics police found 97 packs . The police found them when they were digging in sand in Panama City. The packs contained almost 2,500 packets of cocaine. People think that the cocaine is from South America and that the drug was going to the USA. Central America is a main transit point for sending drugs.	The Panamanian anti- narcotics police found 97 rectangular packs while digging in sand in Panama City, and they found that the packs contained almost 2,500 packets of cocaine. People believe that the drugs are of South American origin and likely were destined  for the US, as Central America is the main transit point for drugs.
Earth Orchestra is a group of 197 musicians. Each musician comes from a different country. The musicians make a song together. The name of the song is ´Together is Beautiful´. The idea starts in 2017. Artists want to show that it is possible to cross borders . They want to make something special. It never happens before. George Fenton is a famous composer. A composer is a person who writes music. Fenton writes a melody for the song. He then watches the other artists do their part of the job. Some musicians improvise. It means that they do not have a clear plan what to play. They listen to the melody. They use instruments from their home countries. They use different styles of music. The result is great. The artists are very happy. They feel that the music has no borders.	197 musicians got together and they created an orchestra . Each musician was from a different country. The orchestra recorded a song called ´Together is Beautiful´. The artists wanted to show that it was possible to cross physical and cultural borders and to make something special. In the end, they were all surprised how well it worked. They felt as one artist. The project started three years ago and a famous composer George Fenton supervised it. Fenton came up with melodies and some of the musicians added their parts without a clear plan. They combined different styles and they used instruments that came from their home countries.	Is it possible to create a piece of music using a musician from every country on Earth? For the first time in music history, 197 musicians, one from each country, have formed an orchestra, and they have recorded the song ´Together is Beautiful´. They hope to exemplify how people can transcend physical and cultural borders to come together. The song was recorded in different locations and it was then mixed together. The project was three years in the making, and other musicians were also struck by the unifying element of the project. The project was overseen by BAFTA-winning composer George Fenton. However, many of the musicians improvised around his melodies and themes, and they combined musical styles and used instruments indigenous to their countries.
Taiwanese and American officials meet. It is the first USA–Taiwan meeting in 40 years. Taiwan says that security is discussed at the meeting. China is not happy about the meeting. It does not see Taiwan as a separate country. It sees Taiwan as its territory. Taiwan feels differently. China asks the USA not to talk to Taiwan.	Last month, Taiwanese and American officials met for the first time in 40 years. Taiwan’s Foreign Ministry confirmed the meeting. The ministry said that they discussed security. China’s Foreign Ministry was not happy about the meeting. Taiwan is a country separate from China, but China sees it as its territory. The speaker for the Chinese ministry asked the USA not to talk to Taiwan. China’s Foreign Ministry asked the USA to act by the ‘one-China principle’.	For the first time in 40 years, high-ranking Taiwanese and American officials met last month. Taiwan’s Foreign Ministry confirmed the meeting by the end of May, saying they discussed ‘common security challenges’. A spokesman for China’s Foreign Ministry expressed ‘strong dissatisfaction ’ and asked the USA to ‘ abide by the one-China principle’ and stop official communication with Taiwan. China sees Taiwan as part of its territory even though the island is its own country.
An auction for special dogs is in Australia. These dogs help people at a farm. For example, these dogs can control big groups of animals. People pay $35,200 for one dog. It is a record for one dog. One man says that the dog is so expensive because there are not many farm workers. A video shows how the dog works with farm animals. He controls sheep and cows. He runs very fast.	A working dog auction happened in Victoria, Australia. One dog set a new auction record when anonymous buyers bought him for $35,200. The last record was $25,000 in 2019. An auction worker said that maybe the dog’s cost was so high because there are few farm workers and the auction was online because of the coronavirus. The dog is a kelpie, which is an Australian dog. This dog comes from the British border collie. This dog also herds animals. A video showed the dog which was working with sheep and cows in many places. He is two years old, and he can run across big distances quickly, and he controls large groups of animals with skill.	Hoover the Australian kelpie was sold for $35,200 to anonymous buyers at a working dog auction in Victoria, Australia. The previous auction record for a working dog was $25,000 in 2019. An auction worker said that possibly Hoover’s cost went so high due to a shortage of farm workers and due to the fact that the auction was online because of the pandemic. A kelpie is an Australian dog that is a descendant of the British border collie which also herds animals. A video demonstrated Hoover’s skills working with sheep and cattle in many places. He is two years old, and he can run across vast distances quickly to herd large groups of animals with precision .
Do you like cockroaches? Well, most people don’t. However, one man from China loves them. He has a cockroach farm. He has around one mile square of cockroaches. One kilo of cockroaches sells for $16. The farm brings the man a lot of money. People use cockroach shells and oil in Chinese medicine. They treat a lot of diseases .	Most people don’t like cockroaches, but one man from China is an exception . He has a cockroach farm which brings him a fortune . He has nearly one square mile of the bugs, and one kilo of them sells for $16. People use cockroach shells and oil in Chinese medicine to treat a lot of diseases. However, these medical products say nothing about the cockroaches on their information packets . The reason why is clear. But, the farmer is proud of his cockroach farm anyway.	A long-time lover of creepy  crawlies , a 32-year-old Chinese man got the idea for a cockroach farm after a friend who worked in a pharmacy told him about the use of bugs as a cheap source of protein and medication. The man gave up his job and moved to the country to live among the bugs. The cockroaches sell for $16 a kilo, which does not sound like a lot, but brings the farmer a fortune from his crop. Cockroach shells and oils are used in Chinese medicine to treat everything from heart disease to hepatitis and burns. Unsurprisingly, however, many people are not so keen on smearing themselves in cockroach oil, so it is not usually marketed as what it really is.
A group of people from Sweden study dolphins. They want to understand the animals. They record the sounds from 11 dolphins. Then they analyse the audio . They use special software. It is called artificial intelligence software. It is very complex and it is new. The software may be able to understand the dolphins. If it works, people may be able to communicate with dolphins!	In Sweden, a group of animal experts are recording the ‘conversations’ of 11 dolphins at a wildlife park. After recording, a complex artificial intelligence software will analyse the audio. If this works, people may be able to understand dolphins and communicate with them.	In Sweden, a group of animal experts are recording the ‘conversations’ of 11 bottlenose dolphins at a wildlife park. A complex artificial intelligence software will then analyse the audio to decipher the meanings of the recordings. The scientists hope to one day be able to communicate with the cetaceans .
Experts analyse hot drinks. They find out that there is a lot of sugar in the drinks. The worst are mochas and lattes. In a can of Coke, there are 9 teaspoons of sugar. In Caffe Nero’s Caramel Latte, there are 13 teaspoons of sugar. In a Costa Chai Latte, there are 20 teaspoons of sugar. In a Starbucks’s hot mulled fruit drink, there are 25 teaspoons of sugar! These drinks are not good for you. They can make you fat and make your teeth bad.	Analysis showed how much sugar is in hot drinks. An example is that a can of coke has an average of 9 teaspoons of sugar, but that’s nothing compared to Caffe Nero’s Caramel Latte with 13 teaspoons of sugar. A Costa Chai Latte has 20 teaspoons of sugar, and the worst offender is a Starbucks’s hot mulled fruit drink with 25 teaspoons of sugar. That is three times more sugar than you should have in one day! Most sugar is in mochas and lattes. Costa and Starbucks say that they want to reduce the sugar in these drinks, but for now, it may be better for you to choose drinks with less sugar.	For many of us, the day does not properly begin until we have our morning coffee, but a recent analysis shows that what people often drink is not just milk with caffeine but worrying levels of sugar. A researcher from the campaign Action on Sugar explained that as hot drinks are not usually associated with many calories and sugar, their frequent consumption may lead to tooth decay and weight gain. For instance, a can of coke has an average of 9 teaspoons of sugar, but Caffe Nero’s Caramel Latte has 13 teaspoons of sugar, Costa’s Chai Latte has 20 teaspoons of sugar, and the worst offender was a Starbucks hot mulled fruit drink with 25 teaspoons of sugar, which is over 3 times the recommended daily intake . Generally, the drinks with the highest levels of sugar were found to be flavoured coffee, such as mochas and lattes.
This news is about the solar eclipse. A solar eclipse happens when the moon blocks the sun. There was a solar eclipse in 1999. There will be a solar eclipse in 2015. There will be a solar eclipse in 2026, too. This year’s solar eclipse will happen on March 20th. It will happen in Europe. The moon will block ninety per cent of the sun’s light.	There will be a solar eclipse on March 20th. It will last for around two hours at 8:40 a.m. Universal Time, which is the time people use in Greenwich, London. The moon will block out nearly 90% of the sun’s light in parts of Europe. Some parts of Europe heavily relies on solar power, so people could be out of electricity for a short while. However, nothing serious should happen because people planned for this event for months. You may remember that there was a solar eclipse in 1999. After this one this year, there will be another one in 2026.	The UK could be plunged into darkness next month, as experts warn there could be the biggest solar eclipse since 1999. Nearly 90% of the sun’s rays are expected to be blocked out in parts of Europe on March 20th. In London and the Southeast, 85% of the sun will be obscured by the moon, while in northern Scotland, more than 95% will be covered. But the National Grid warns there could be a solar power outage as a result. Solar power isn’t widely used in the UK, but other parts of Europe that heavily  rely on it could be out of electricity for a short while. There’s no need to worry, though – the European Network Transmission System Operators for Electricity have been planning for the event for months. The eclipse will last for around two hours at 8:40 a.m. The next one will not be until 2026.
On Friday, a bar explodes in Houston, US. The explosion happens at 5 am. Fortunately, the bar closes at 11 pm the night before. Nobody is in the bar when it explodes. Officials say that nobody gets hurt. However, the explosion is very strong. It destroys a nearby food truck. The explosion breaks windows of nearby houses. People say that walls move. Pictures fall off walls. Officials must find out know what happens. At the moment, they do not know. However, it seems that gas explodes in the bar. The owner of the bar works on the bar last year. The explosion totally destroys the bar.	On Friday at 5 am, a bar exploded in Houston, US. The bar closed at 11 pm the night before. Luckily, no people were in the bar when the explosion happened. Officials did not report any injuries . However, the explosion was very strong, and it destroyed a nearby food truck. People who lived near the bar said that the explosion broke home windows and it moved walls. Officials do not know what caused the explosion; however, it seems that gas exploded in the bar. The bar was closed for more than one year, and the owner renovated it. A few months ago, the bar opened again.	A bar near downtown Houston, US, exploded on Friday early morning. Luckily, the bar had closed at 11 pm the night before, and officials believe that nobody was in the building when the blast occurred . So far, no injuries have been reported; however, nearby residents said that the blast broke home windows and knocked photos off walls. A food truck that was standing near the bar was also completely destroyed. Investigators have begun to investigate the cause of the explosion, and early reports indicate that the damage was caused by a gas explosion. Apparently, the bar reopened only a few months ago, after it had been closed for more than a year for renovations .
Here is news from Hong Kong. This news is about children. It is important that a child goes to a good kindergarten . From a good kindergarten, a child can go to a good school. However, it is not easy to get into a good kindergarten. Some children prepare for the kindergarten interview. They attend a course . There, they see that an interview can be fun. It is like playing games. They are not scared anymore.	It is very important to get into a good school in Hong Kong. And to get into a good school, a child must get into a good kindergarten first. There are even courses in Hong Kong which help children prepare for kindergarten interviews. The biggest value of one course is to take away the children’s fear. Instead of getting scared, the children think of the interview as a happy experience . It is like playing games. A mother said that it is expensive to raise a child in Hong Kong. She said that everybody competes against each other. She feels a lot of pressure.	Getting into a good school can be stressful for both children and parents. It’s seen as so important in Hong Kong that children like Carlson Chuen here are training for their interview, despite only being 2.5 years old. Parents believe that getting a place in a good kindergarten will help them secure a spot in a good primary and secondary school and pave  the way for a good start in life. With the competition being so fierce, that kindergartens can be selective about who they let in. Half a year before kindergartens start assessing their young applicants, Hong Kong’s pre-kindergarten interview courses are busy preparing toddlers to ace the first interview of their lives. “It’s quite expensive to raise a child in Hong Kong now. The pressure is immense . Everyone is competing against each other. I feel a lot of pressure.” “The biggest value of this course is to take away the children’s fear – at least they won’t get scared. They won’t think going to an interview is like getting a death penalty. Instead of getting spooked , they will think it as a happy experience. It is like playing games. Some people may think they can do the same at home, but we have a professionally designed course. The course teaches you what you need to do in the exam.”
A panda gives birth to three baby pandas. This is very rare . The pandas are too small. They cannot be with their mother. People must help them first. A few months later, the pandas are strong enough to be with their mother. They can see her. The three pandas and the mother meet. It is a beautiful moment. They are happy to be together. The mother takes two pandas and she cuddles them. The third panda sleeps. The mother does not wake it up.	The reproductivity of pandas is low. It is very rare when a panda gives birth to three baby pandas. However, a panda did give birth to three babies in a safari park in China in July. The park’s keepers had to take care of the babies, but now, they are strong enough to meet their mother. A person filmed the time that they first saw each other in months. It was such a beautiful moment. The panda mother took the two little pandas and cuddled them. The third baby panda was asleep, so the mother did not wake it up.	This is probably the cutest thing you’ll see today – the world’s only surviving panda triplets have been reunited with their mother for the first time since birth. The adorable moment was caught on camera at the China Chimelong Safari Park. The rare panda triplets were born in July and so it’s not surprise that mum was happy to see them, scooping up two of the baby pandas, while not waking the third. Keepers at the park say the trio is in a good condition and strong enough now to meet their mother. They’re also helping mum feed the triplets and stay with her babies, helping them to learn survival skills. Triplet births within pandas are very rare, given their low reproductivity .
Some people are not happy in their countries. There is war or poverty in their countries. They want to go to Europe. There are hundreds of migrants on Kos. Kos is a Greek island. The migrants are at a stadium. They have no food at the stadium. There is also no protection from the sun. The migrants fight with the police. We do not know why they start fighting. The migrants must register to go to new countries. However, they say that this takes too long.	Some people want to immigrate to the European Union. Many of them flee war zones and poverty. There are hundreds of migrants on the Greek island of Kos. They are held at a sports stadium. A police officer on the island brandished a knife last week and slapped a Pakistani migrant. Authorities suspended the officer. One day after the incident, fights between the migrants and the police broke out. After the situation got back to normal, even more migrants came to the stadium where the fight happened. We do not know what started the fights. The migrants need to register to go to new countries, but they say that the process is too slow. They also say that they have no food and no protection from the sun.	Security has been tightened at a sports stadium holding hundreds of migrants on the Greek island of Kos after violence broke out at the site between migrants and police. Greek police used fire extinguishers and batons against migrants yesterday during clashes at the stadium where hundreds of people, including young children, were waiting for immigration papers. It was not immediately clear what had sparked the violence. Once calm had returned, police ushered yet more migrants into the stadium, packing the stands. The scuffles took place a day after a police officer on the island was suspended for brandishing a knife and slapping a man identified by Greek media as a Pakistani migrant. The situation appeared calmer today as police with riot shields lined fences around the stadium and migrants queued to be registered. Local authorities are responsible for the registration process, but migrants complain that they are understaffed, too slow and that there was no food or protection from the heat in the stadium. The migrants arriving in cars have come back crossing the sea in rubber dinghies from Turkey in a bid to enter the European Union. Many have fled war zones and poverty.
The US space organization, NASA , wants to send a rocket to the moon. People are very excited. NASA will send a rocket to the moon after more than 50 years. Last week, NASA does a test of a booster rocket. A booster rocket takes the rocket off the ground. It is very strong. It burns six tons of fuel every second. After the takeoff , it uses some of its power during the first two minutes. During the test, workers must hold the booster rocket to the ground. A NASA rocket has two booster rockets. The rocket is the biggest NASA rocket since the 1960s.	NASA wants to send a rocket to the moon. It is a big event because the rocket will return to the moon after more than 50 years. Last week, NASA did a test of booster rockets. Booster rockets are strong engines that make the rocket take off. The rocket will have two booster rockets, and each of them will burn six tons of fuel every second. The test happened in Utah, and it lasted two minutes. Workers had to secure the booster rocket to the ground to make sure that it did not move. NASA workers tested the engine, and they checked the rocket´s construction .	NASA has conducted a test on booster rockets that are a part of a rocket that will help send the US back to the moon. The test was conducted in Utah, with one of the rockets secured to the ground and fired for two minutes to test motor performance and manufacturing quality. These boosters have been a part of NASA´s biggest rocket built since the 1960s. The rocket will have two of these boosters for its first crewed landing in over 50 years. They will provide 75% of the thrust in the first two minutes after the lift off, with each booster burning six tons of solid propellant every second.
Chadwick Boseman is an American actor. His birthplace is South Carolina. He grows up there. Before 2013, Boseman has only small TV roles . However, he gets a role in ´42´. ´42´ is a movie about an American baseball player, Jackie Robinson. This film makes Boseman more popular. Later, Boseman plays in the movie ´Black Panther´. He becomes an international star. This week, Chadwick Boseman dies in his home near Los Angeles, California. He has ulcer cancer . It is a very serious disease . Many people are surprised. Boseman does not speak about his health problems very much. People do not know about them.	Chadwick Boseman was an American actor who played several historical figures . He was born in South Carolina, and he grew up there. In 2013, he became popular when he played baseball star Jackie Robinson in ´42´. However, the movie ´Black Panther´ made him an international star. Before that, he acted in small TV roles. Last week, Boseman died from colon  cancer . He was only 43 years old, and many people were surprised by his death. Boseman did not speak publicly about his illness, and many people did not know about it. Boseman died at his home near Los Angeles, California, and his family was by his side.	´Black Panther´ star, Chadwick Boseman, died on Friday at 43 years old from stage IV colon cancer . Boseman was born in South Carolina, and he graduated from Howard University. He acted in small TV roles before his 2013 break out role in ´42´, where he played Jackie Robinson. Most recently, Boseman was working on a feature adaptation of the August Wilson play, ´Ma Rainey´s Black Bottom.´ Boseman´s diagnosis and death may come as a surprise, since he had not shared the news publicly. According to the family statement, Boseman died at his home in the Los Angeles area with his family by his side.
Dubai has special wheelchairs . You can use these wheelchairs for free. There are twenty of them in Dubai. And what is so special about these wheelchairs? They let disabled people enjoy the sea or a swimming pool. The wheelchairs float in the water. Dubai wants to be friendlier to disabled people. It plans to have more and more of these wheelchairs.	Dubai began offering special wheelchairs. These wheelchairs let disabled people enjoy the sea or a swimming pool. The wheelchair’s armrests function as flotation devices , and the user lays flatter and lower than normal. This position is better when the person is in the water. Twenty of these chairs are in Dubai’s main beach parks. People can use them for free. Dubai works to be friendlier to disabled visitors.	Dubai has begun offering specialist wheelchairs that have been modified to allow disabled people the chance to enjoy bathing in the sea or in swimming pools. The two armrests act as flotation devices and the user lays flatter and lower than normal to make it easier to change positions. “So we are studying right now four parks in Dubai, and we’re changing actually the playground area according to that needs exactly for those who are coming with wheelchairs so they will be mixed with the normal children.” Twenty chairs have been put out across Dubai’s two main beach parks and can be reserved and used for free, and by October they plan for at least 20 percent of areas in the country’s 80 parks to be equipped with entertainment facilities for disabled visitors. “We’ll try to remove the wheels. It’s easy to remove the wheels because there’s a lock. When we remove the lock, the wheels will come out.” The chairs are part of a specialist project to make Dubai more accessible for disabled visitors for the World Expo in 2020.
Domino´s is a pizza company. In Japan, it trains  reindeer to deliver pizza. The company works with people. The people train the reindeer. They train them how to deliver pizza. People watch the reindeer by GPS. The company wants to give the animals good care .	Domino´s is a pizza delivery company. In Japan, it is already in the Christmas spirit ! It started to train reindeer to deliver pizza to customers. The company is working with reindeer owners. People train them how to deliver pizza. People can watch the reindeer in real-time by a GPS driver tracker . The company wants to make sure that the animals are well.	In Japan, the pizza delivery company Domino´s has got into the Christmas spirit already! It started to train reindeer to deliver pizza to customers. The company is working with reindeer breeders to train the reindeer how to deliver the pizza. People can watch the reindeer in real-time by using a GPS driver tracker . The company claims that it is taking all possible steps to ensure that the animals are well.
A tsunami hit Indonesia in 2004. A little girl was lost. Everybody thought that she died. However, her family still believed that she was alive. The girl did not die. A woman found her. The woman raised the girl. The girl is with her family now. Her brother is still missing .	A tsunami swept away a four-year-old girl in 2004. Her family never stopped hoping that she survived, but everybody else thought that she died. Well, she did not. She is back with her family now. Local media says that people found her nearly 80 miles from home. An old woman found her raised her. The girl’s brother also disappeared when the tsunami struck , but he is still missing. The family has no plans to take a DNA test to see if the girl is really theirs.	A 14-year-old girl who was thought to have died in the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami has been found alive and reunited with her family. Video footage broadcast by Indonesian television on Thursday shows Raudhatul Jannah, also known as Wenni, being brought home by her biological mother Jamaliah. Wenni was born in western Indonesia and is said to have been swept away by the tsunami when she was four-years-old. Indonesian local media reports that she was later found nearly 80 miles south and raised by an elderly woman. “I prayed every day and night that if this little girl is safe, please let us find her. Even just one month ago, her father has been contacting everyone he knows and kept saying that ‘my sweet child must be alive’ every day after he came back from work.” Wenni’s brother also disappeared with her when the tsunami struck but is still missing. The family has no plan to take a DNA test to verify the girl’s identity , but her mother told local media that she is ready to do so if necessary.
This news is from the USA. There are two political parties in the USA. They are the Republican Party and the Democratic Party. Each party has two presidential candidates . Each party must only have one candidate. The party must choose. The party members choose the candidate. The Democrats are choosing between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. The Republicans are choosing between Donald Trump and Ted Cruz. Iowa is a state in the USA. It is in the American Midwest. Trump loses in Iowa. The Republican Party members do not choose him. They choose Ted Cruz.	The Republican and Democratic parties in the USA are choosing their presidential candidates. The Republicans must choose between Donald Trump, a real estate billionaire, and Ted Cruz, a Texas senator. The Democrats must choose between Hillary Clinton, a senator from New York, and Bernie Sanders, a senator from Vermont. There was a caucus in Iowa, which is a state in the American Midwest. People thought that the Republicans would choose Trump, but the party members chose Ted Cruz. Donald Trump and his supporters , however, stayed optimistic. Another caucus will be in New Hampshire, which is a small New England state.	“We will go on to easily beat Hillary or Bernie or whoever the hell they throw up there!” A night of big surprises in the race for the White House – the vote did not go quite as expected. Republican Donald Trump was swept aside by Texas Senator Ted Cruz, but the real estate billionaire remained optimistic. “We will go on to get the Republican nomination and we will go on to easily beat Hillary or Bernie or whoever the hell they throw up there!” Leading up to the vote, Cruz visited nearly every state while Trump shunned the debates, choosing to hold his own rallies which could have hurt his campaign in the long run. His supporters, however, were still positive. “I’m disappointed. I really am. But in a way, I’m not because we did make a very good showing, and we worked hard, and we know we worked hard, and he was pleased, even with the showing that we did have. And it’s on to New Hampshire,” Indeed on to New Hampshire where Trump has a stronger showing, according to opinion  polls . On the Democratic side, Hillary Clinton is neck and neck with Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in a race that’s too close to call . One thing is clear after the Iowa caucuses : there’s a long, volatile election season ahead.
There is a vision for shopping in the future: a robotic hand. The hand picks fruit in an online supermarket . A technology team in the UK makes the robotic hand. The team makes it from rubber . The hand does not break fruit. People pick fruit in the online supermarket. They sometimes break it. The robot is perfect. It never breaks the fruit. The team wants to make a robotic hand that picks all of the goods in the online supermarket. The hand is only one part of robotic activity in supermarkets. The company already has a supermarket with robots near London.	There is a vision for our future shopping: a robotic hand that picks up fruit in an automated supermarket warehouse. A technology team in the UK developed the hand for an online supermarket. The hand has a soft flexible rubber gripper that does not damage fruit when it picks it. The goal is to create a robotic hand that can pick all of the goods offered by the online supermarket. There is an opinion that different people pick up fruit differently. Some can damage it. On the other hand with robotic systems, there is a possibility that every robot is the best picker. The hand is only one park of experiments in warehouse robotics and automation. The company already has a smart automated warehouse north of London.	A robotic hand picking fruit in an automated supermarket warehouse could be a vision for our future. A technology team in the UK developed the hand for an online supermarket. The hand has been equipped with a soft flexible rubber gripper that does not damage fruit when picked. The goal is to create a robotic hand capable of picking all of the items offered by the online supermarket. There is an opinion that variation between different people when picking up fruit can damage it. On the other hand with robotic systems, there is a potential that every robot is the best picker. The hand is just one element of experiments in warehouse robotics and automation. The company already has a smart automated warehouse north of London.
Belgium plays Costa Rica on Monday. The final score is 4-1. Costa Rica scores first. The first half is 2-1 to Belgium. After the break the score changes again. Belgium scores two goals. Belgium has 21 shots on goal. Costa Rica has 2 shots. Belgium hits the goal nine times. Costa Rica hits the goal two times. Belgium finishes the game with nine corner  kicks . Costa Rica has one corner kick. The matches between Belgium and Costa Rica are not usually very emotional and this match is OK too. It is an easy match for the referee. Costa Rica makes 12 fouls . Belgium makes only five fouls. Costa Rica has no yellow card. Belgium has one yellow card.	The final score of the match between Belgium and Costa Rica was 4-1. Costa Rica scored first. And the first half finished 2-1 to Belgium. After the break the score changed again. Belgium scored twice and Costa Rica not even once. Belgium had more shots on goal, 21 in total. Costa Rica had only 2 shots. Belgium hit the goal nine times in total. Belgium finished the game with nine corner kicks. Costa Rica had only one. The referee didn’t have a lot of work. It was a relatively easy match to manage. Costa Rica were responsible for the majority of the fouls , 12 in total, Belgium only five. The visitors finished with zero yellow cards. The hosts had just one.	It was not an even  contest between Belgium and Costa Rica. The final score was 4-1. Belgium were leading 2-1 heading into the break. Costa Rica fought but there was no way back in the second half and they received two more goals. Belgium outshot Costa Rica 21-2 and were hitting the target nine times. Belgium finished the game with nine corner kicks, while Costa Rica earned only one. The referee wasn’t forced to be too involved . It was a relatively easy match to manage. Costa Rica were responsible for the majority of the fouls, finishing with 12 fouls, compared to only five by Belgium. Similarly, the visitors finished with zero yellow cards, compared to the hosts’ one.
A train travels to Barcelona, Spain. It is coming to a station. It is not slowing down. The train crashes into the end of the railway track . Around 50 people are injured. Emergency services help them at the station. Eighteen people are injured seriously. They go to hospital.	A train did not brake when it was entering a railway station in Barcelona, Spain. It crashed into the buffers . Almost 50 people were injured in the train crash. Emergency services helped the injured at the platform of the station. At least 18 people went to hospital, and the train driver was among the seriously injured.	Almost 50 people were injured in a train crash in Barcelona, Spain. People said that the train did not brake when entering the railway station and hit the buffers on arrival. Emergency services treated the injured at the platform, and at least 18 people went to hospital, according to officials. The train driver was among the seriously injured.
A dog falls into the River Thames . It needs help. A man sees it. He jumps into the water. He saves the dog. However, now the man is in trouble. He needs help. People call for a lifeboat . It comes and saves him.	A passer-by saw that a dog in the River Thames needed help. He jumped in and saved the dog, but then he needed to be saved himself. People called a lifeboat and saved the Good Samaritan . The dog then went back to its owner.	A passer-by spotted a dog struggling in the River Thames, so he jumped in to help. He saved the dog by attaching it to rescue chains near Westminster Bridge, but then he found himself in need of saving. The RNLI launched a lifeboat which pulled the Good Samaritan and the dog from the water, which then re-united with its owner.
Russia is making the first film in space. An actor and a director travel to the International Space Station. They travel with a cosmonaut . They stay 12 days there. They make parts of the film. They do other parts of the film when they are back on Earth. The film is called ‘The Challenge’. It is about a cosmonaut at a space station . He has heart problems. A doctor must travel to the station quickly. She must save the cosmonaut. Hollywood actor and director Tom Cruise wants to make a film in space, too. He will work with NASA and Elon Musk. It seems that Russia is faster than Tom Cruise.	Russia sent an actor and director to the International Space Station. Actor Yulia Peresild and director Klim Shipenko joined a cosmonaut on a flight to the space station. It took the film crew four months to prepare for the flight, and the two women will spend 12 days on the station. They will film parts of a movie called ‘The Challenge’. The film is about a surgeon who rushes to the space station. She must save a cosmonaut who has heart problems. Hollywood actor and director Tom Cruise said that he wanted to make a movie in space, too. He wanted to work with NASA and Elon Musk. Now it seems that Russia will be the first country which will make a movie in space.	Russia has sent an actor and a director to the International Space Station (ISS) as a part of plans to make the first film in orbit . Actor Yulia Peresild and director Klim Shipenko joined cosmonaut Anton Shkaplerov on a flight to the ISS where they will spend 12 days on the space outpost filming segments of a movie titled ‘The Challenge’, in which Peresild plays a surgeon who rushes to the space station. She is trying to save a crew member who suffers from a heart condition. The film crew spent four months training for the mission, and it will complete the final scenes back on Earth. The film is likely to be ahead in cinemas of a proposed Hollywood project announced by Tom Cruise, NASA and Elon Musk´s SpaceX.
Jack Dorsey is the boss of Twitter. He also uses Twitter. He has around 4 million followers. Someone hacks his account . Twelve tweets come from his account within 20 minutes. Some tweets are racist . One tweet says that there is a bomb at Twitter’s office building in San Francisco. Another tweet tells people to follow an account or else a bomb explodes at Twitter’s offices. The shocking tweets go down in less than an hour. Later Twitter says that the account and all of Twitter are safe again.	Jack Dorsey is the CEO of Twitter who also uses Twitter himself. He has around 4 million followers, and last Friday, somebody hacked his account. Twelve tweets came from his account within 20 minutes. Some included racial slurs . One tweet said that there was a bomb at Twitter’s headquarters in San Francisco. Another tweet told people to follow a certain account or else a bomb would explode at Twitter headquarters. People took the shocking tweets down in less than an hour. Twitter later said that the account and all of Twitter was secure again.	A hacker or hackers took over the Twitter account of Jack Dorsey, who is the platform’s CEO and co-founder, last Friday. He has 4 million followers. Twelve tweets came from his account within 20 minutes. Some included racial slurs and bomb threats. One post said that there was a bomb at Twitter’s headquarters in San Francisco. Another told people to follow a certain account or else “Twitter HQ is blowing up.” People took the shocking tweets down in less than an hour and the company tweeted that it was “aware that @jack was compromised and that they were investigating what happened.” They later said that the account, as well as the whole of Twitter was secure again. The hack happened as Twitter is taking steps to monitor and remove hate speech and violent content.
This happens in San Francisco. A man is outside a building. He washes its widows. It is a high building. The man is 11 storeys above the ground. Something happens and the man falls down. He lands on a car. There is one person in the car. The person in the car is shocked, but not injured . The window washer is seriously injured. He is moved to hospital.	A San Francisco window washer fell eleven storeys from a skyscraper in the city’s Financial District . He landed on top of a moving car. The fall seriously injured the worker and people took him to hospital. There was only one person in the car. He or she was shocked but luckily uninjured. The fall badly damaged the car. California’s safety officials investigate the incident.	A San Francisco window washer fell eleven storeys from a high-rise building on Friday November 21st, landing on top of a moving car on the street below. The worker, who was not immediately identified , plummeted from the office building landing on a Toyota, and was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries, according to local police. The incident occurred at around 10 am in the city’s Financial District. The victim was rushed to San Francisco General Hospital and was in surgery at last report. The Toyota sole occupant but was shaken up emotionally, but was fortunately not injured, police said, though the car was badly damaged. The incident will be investigated by California’s Occupational Safety officials as an industrial accident .
Here is news from Japan. A man collects things. These things are radioactive . He measures the radiation. He shows the radiation in pictures. A university professor helps him Some people call the man’s work art. The man says it is not art. It only shows radiation visually .	A Japanese artist shows the radiation of things. He visited the radiation zones in Fukushima and collected radioactive items . He exposed himself to high radiation levels. He measured the radiation of things and put it into a visual image. The artist paired up with the university professor for help. Some people called the work art, but the man said that his work only showed scientific facts visually .	A Japanese artist has decided to show the invisible aftermath of the Fukushima nuclear disaster. Masamichi Kagaya has paired up with a university professor to help print out the contamination that is normally unseen to the naked eye . He made regular trips to the exclusion  zones and began gathering contaminated items shortly after the release of nuclear material across the area. For Kagaya, while many call his work art, the works are just his way of showing scientific facts in an easy, visual form. “Well, certainly by numbers we can understand the levels of radiation. However, without putting it into pictures, it is difficult to understand how and where it is clinging to. That is why we have to put this into a visual image.” By travelling to the exclusion area, Kagaya has exposed himself to radiation levels of up to ten times the recommend dosage .
This news is about a little girl. She is from Britain. She is very ill. She cannot breathe well. She is always in hospital. She needs new lungs . This is a problem. It can take years to find a good donor for her. However, she is lucky. Her match comes in days. The operation is hard. Her lungs are very small. The operation goes well. She is fine now. She is home and happy.	A baby girl from Britain was seriously ill in her first month of life. She was really small and sick. She had problems breathing and she was always in hospital. Today, she is a healthy child thanks to a new pair of lungs. Doctors transplanted them when she was just five months old. Usually, children can wait for years for a donor . In some cases, the donor never comes, but this girl was lucky – her match came within days. The operation was not easy because the lungs were so small. The girl is now home, happy and healthy, but her parents know that for their baby to live, other parents lost their child.	Imogen Bolton, a baby girl from Britain, was desperately ill in her first month of life. She was tiny and frail , and in and out of hospital, with a rare condition which left her struggling to breathe. Today, she is a healthy child thanks to an astounding transformation – she has two new lungs which doctors transplanted when she was just five months old. She is possibly the youngest double recipient of lungs in Europe. Children can wait years for donors, and in some cases, a donor never comes, but Imogen was incredibly lucky – her match came within days. The operation was complex, and the doctors had to use a magnifying glass because of the tiny lungs and airways about the size of a small straw. The girl is now home happy and healthy, but her parents are very aware that for Imogen to get her donor lungs, another set of parents lost a child.
This news is from Virginia, USA. A deer gets into a metro station. It runs there. Security cameras film it. We do not know how the deer got there. In the end, it gets out. It is OK.	Commuters in Virginia, USA got a shock when a deer ran through a metro station. Security cameras captured the animal on film. We do not know how the deer made it into the metro. However, it made it eventually back out and was unharmed .	Commuters in Virginia got a shock when a deer ran through a metro station. Main surveillance cameras captured the galloping deer. It is not clear how the mammal made it into the subway, but eventually it managed to make it back out unharmed.
The Falklands War happened in 1982. Argentina and Britain fought in this war. This news is about a man from Argentina. He is a goldsmith . He does not want war. He wants peace . He takes metal from the Falklands War. He uses Argentinian and British metal. He mixes the metals together. He makes roses from the new metal. He calls his project Two Roses of Peace.	Britain and Argentina fought in the Falkland Islands War in 1982. This news is about an Argentinian goldsmith who is on a peace mission. People gave him pistols, bullets, and even parts of airplanes from the war. He fused both the Argentinian and British metals together, and he created metal roses from the new metal. He calls his project the Two Roses of Peace. People also know him from making articles for presidents or Pope Francis.	One goldsmith from Argentina collected donations of pistols, bullets, and even parts of airplanes from both sides of the Falkland Islands War. He is on a peace mission, by fusing both the British and Argentinian metals together to craft roses and other pieces of art. He aptly calls his project Two Roses of Peace. Aside from his peacekeeping, people also know him for crafting presidential batons and the chalice of Pope Francis.
This news is from Peru. A group of fishermen get lucky. They catch a very big fish. It is one tonne heavy. It is eight metres long. This fish is a “manta ray”. The fishermen have a small boat. It is wooden and homemade . The big fish cannot fit on the boat. A tow truck must move the fish. Manta rays are big, but they are not dangerous. They are calm.	A group of fishermen in Peru caught a huge fish. The fish weighed over a tonne and was eight metres long. People call this type of fish the manta ray. One fisherman described how they caught the fish. It swam into their nets which were towed by their homemade boat. The fish was, of course, too big for their boat, so a tow truck transported it. Sailors believed that manta rays ate fish and sank boats. They were afraid of them. The perception began to change in the late 1970’s – sailors started to understand that manta rays are calm and not dangerous.	A group of fishermen in Peru working in the northwest of the country discovered a huge manta ray which local media said weighs just over a tonne. People said that the ray swam into the fishermen’s net as they trawled for fish in a homemade wooden boat. The enormous , 8-metre creature was found in the La Crove cave in waters near the border with Ecuador. A fisherman said that it was so big, that it could not be loaded onto their boat and had to be transported by a tow truck . In ancient Peru, the manta ray, which is in the same biological order as smaller stingrays, was often represented in art where they were feared because of their size. People believed that they ate fish and sank boats, and it was not until the late 1970’s that perceptions began to change. This was when people realised that they were actually pretty placid and harmless to humans.
In the US, the government says all healthcare workers must get the COVID-19 vaccine. The vaccine is a medicine that makes your body strong against COVID-19. In New York City, authorities say that all healthcare workers must get at least the first shot by September 27. Some workers do not want the vaccine. Around 15% of workers do not get the vaccine last week. New York hospitals take away their jobs or suspend these workers. Hospitals must postpone some work. There are not enough workers. Then, officials say that the situation is not very bad. They say it is worse in other parts of New York State. It is possible that military healthcare workers will help New York City hospitals.	New York City authorities gaved an order last month that all healthcare workers had to receive at least one COVID-19 vaccine shot by September 27. Last week, there were around 15% of healthcare workers who did not get the vaccine. Some workers refused because of health or religion. Then, New York hospitals fired or suspended these workers. As a result, it was necessary to stop surgeries or have less services. Officials said that there were other areas in New York State where the situation was even worse. It was possible that the state would ask military healthcare workers for help if the situation got worse.	New York hospitals began firing or suspending healthcare workers for defying a state order to get the COVID-19 vaccine. As a result, staff shortages led some hospitals to stop certain surgeries or curtail services, as around 15% of the state´s healthcare workers are not fully vaccinated. New York´s state health department gave an order last month mandating that all healthcare workers receive at least their first COVID-19 shot by September 27. The vaccination push comes as the US President Joe Biden pressured unvaccinated Americans, and some of them do not want the vaccine because of religious or health reasons. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said that the city hospitals have not yet seen a major impact of the mandate, adding that he worried more about other areas of the state where the vaccination rates were lower. New York Governor Kathy Hochul said that she was considering employing National Guard to fill the need for healthcare work.
The F-35 is a fighter jet . People make it in the USA. The USA can sell it to other countries. The USA is thinking about selling F-35s to Poland. The Trump administration approves of this sale. We do not know if Poland is going to buy them. Trump says that the country can. Poland can buy 32 of the F-35 fighter jets. Thirty-two of these planes cost around $6.5 billion. The USA says that the planes can make Poland, NATO, and the USA safer.	Last Tuesday, the Trump administration approved a potential sale of F-35 fighter jets to Poland. The potential sale would involve 32 F-35 Joint Strike Fighter aircraft which cost around $6.5 billion. A government organization said that the aircraft would make Poland, NATO and the USA safer.	Last Tuesday, the Trump administration formally notified Congress that it approved a potential sale of F-35 jets to Poland. The sale expects to involve 32 F-35 Joint Strike Fighter aircraft which cost around $6.5 billion. The Defense Department said that the proposed sale would make the USA safer by supporting a NATO ally , and it would give Poland a better defense capability .
A woman is moving house. She needs to move her things. She squats for hours. She wears skinny jeans. The jeans make her legs swell . She must go to hospital. Doctors help her. After four days, she is fine. Skinny jeans are popular, but they are not healthy.	A 35-year-old woman from Australia was moving house and spent hours squatting . She was wearing a pair of skinny jeans. Pressure built up in her lower legs and the legs swelled . The woman went to hospital. Doctors helped her and she was able to walk on her own four days later. She is fine, but a condition like this can get serious – it can damage muscles and nerves. Skinny jeans are popular with both women and men, but they are not the healthiest choice.	Skinny jeans may be trendy and popular with both women and men, but it seems that they could damage your muscles and nerves. The warning comes after a 35-year-old woman from Australia had to be cut out of a pair of skinny jeans after her calves ballooned in size, as she had spent hours squatting while moving house. Doctors believe that the woman had developed a condition called compartment syndrome made worse by her skinny jeans. The syndrome is a painful and potentially serious condition caused by bleeding or swelling within an enclosed bundle of muscles. The woman was put on a drip and was able to walk unaided after four days. Cases where patients developed tingly  numbed thighs from wearing skinny jeans have also been reported, although experts add that the chance of this happening is still pretty slim for most people.
A man was born in 1765. He was born in France. He took the first photograph in the world. The taking of this photograph took 8 hours. The man took 16 photographs. He took them in the 1820s. Three of his photos are now on show in a museum. You can go see them. The man called this heliography. That means drawing with the sun.	The first photographer was born in France in 1765. His first photo shows a view from a window of his house in Burgundy. The photo required an exposure of about eight hours. We know that he took 16 images, and three of them are now going on show. He took them in the 1820s. The photographer created them by exposing chemicals on metal plates to light. He called this heliography which means drawing with the sun.	Three rare images taken by the world’s first photographer are going on show 250 years after his birth. The images were taken in the 1820s by Joseph Nicéphore Niépce born in 1765. He is recognised as the world’s first successful photographer. He created permanent images by exposing chemicals on metal plates to light, which he called heliography, meaning drawing with the sun. There are 16 Niépce’s heliographic plates known to be in existence today, three of which belong to the National Media Museum’s Royal Photographic Society collection. The examples include an image of Christ carrying the cross, a portrait of Cardinal Georges D’Amboise and Clair de lune . There are said to be only a dozen early photographs in the world, according to the National Media Museum, where the photos will be exhibited later this month. Having three together in the same place, though, is extremely rare. Niépce is credited with taking the earliest known surviving photograph which is a view from a window of his house in Burgundy in France. The photo is said to have required an exposure of about eight hours.
In France, there are two heatwaves this summer. The temperatures go as high as 45.5 degrees Celsius. Almost 1,500 people die. Health officials say that this number is very high. It is 1,000 more deaths than normal. Many victims are older than 75 years old. However, a health official says that France is trying to help people. In summer, big parks and swimming pools stay open. There are “cool rooms” in Paris. The high heat is in seven European countries this summer. Also, more Europeans are buying air conditioners.	According to France’s health ministry , almost 1,500 people died this summer because of two record – breaking heatwaves. The temperatures went as high as 45.5 degrees Celsius. Health officials say that the number is about 1,000 more deaths than normal for the summer, and many of the victims were older than 75 years old. However, a health official said that France prevented a higher number of deaths. Many big parks and swimming pools stayed open, and officials opened “cool rooms” in Paris. The June heatwave set very high temperatures in seven other European countries. Due to the higher temperatures, more Europeans are buying air conditioners.	According to France’s health ministry , almost 1,500 people died this summer because of two extreme heatwaves where the temperatures went as high as 45.5 degrees Celsius. Health officials say that the number is over 1,000 more deaths than average for the summer, and half of the victims were over 75 years old. However, the health minister said that France used preventative measures and managed to lessen the mortality rate. Many large parks and swimming pools stayed open, and authorities opened “cool rooms” in Paris. The June heatwave set record-high temperatures in seven other European countries. Due to the increasing heat, more and more Europeans are buying air conditioners.
China is the biggest producer of pork . China is having problems. Many Chinese pigs are ill. One million of them are dead. They are ill because they have a virus. The virus is deadly. If a pig catches it, it is going to die. By the end of this year, China will have only 66% of its pigs.	China is the largest producer of pork , but it is having a big problem at the moment. There is an epidemic which is killing its pigs. Last August, people first discovered the virus in China, but 1 million pigs are dead now. The virus is deadly and when a pig catches it, it is going to die. China thinks that one third of its pigs are going to die by the end of this year. The virus also spread to Mongolia, Vietnam and Cambodia where around 95,000 pigs died.	Last August, people reported the virus of African Swine fever in China, but there have been 129 outbreaks in the country as of last week. By the end of the year, China expects to lose about one-third of its pigs – 1 million pigs have died so far. There is no vaccine or cure against the disease and once a pig catches it, it is going to die. Some pig farmers even had to slaughter their healthy pigs to stop the spread of the virus. The virus has already spread to Mongolia, Vietnam and Cambodia where around 95,000 pigs have died. China is the world’s largest pork producing country, and the massive hit to the pork industry is already creating a ripple effect worldwide. For example, the soy bean market expects to fall because farmers in China will not need as much for pig feed.
London has a new mayor. He is a son of a bus driver. He is a former lawyer. He wins by 13.6%. He is a popular winner. He is the first Muslim mayor of London. His name is Sadiq Khan. Khan gives a speech. Another mayoral  candidate stands nearby. He turns his back on Khan. He protests the speech. He is a former neo-Nazi. He does not want a Muslim mayor.	In London, people elected the new mayor, who is a son of a London bus driver and the former human rights lawyer. His name is Sadiq Khan and he is the first Muslim mayor of London. With a 13.6% margin , he was the popular winner. When Khan began to give his first speech as mayor, another mayoral candidate turned his back on him. He probably wanted to protest against Khan because he is a Muslim. That candidate’s own CV includes past membership to the neo-Nazi-linked National Front. However, that candidate only received 1% of the vote, so we can say that London turned its back on him first.	The moment Sadiq Khan steps forward for his first speech as elected Mayor of London. “Thank you, London. London is the greatest city in the world.” With a 13.6% margin , he’s a popular winner, but not with fellow candidate Paul Golding. The far-right campaigner and leader of the group Britain First was seen turning his back to Khan as he began to give his speech. Son of a London bus driver, the former human rights lawyer is the first Muslim to hold the position of London Mayor – a fact that many believe the former BNP councillor wished to protest against, his own CV including a past membership to the neo-Nazi-linked National Front. However, coming in eighth in the contest and polling just over 1% of the vote it’s safe to say London turned its back on Paul Golding before he turned his.
Farmers in some African countries grow cocoa beans. They sell the beans to European and US buyers . People make chocolate from cocoa beans. People are eating less chocolate now. It means that buyers buy fewer beans. It brings big problems for African farmers. The Ivory Coast is one of the biggest producers of cocoa beans in the world. Farmers grow a lot of beans. Buyers do not buy the beans. Farmers cannot sell more than 100,000 tons off beans. They lose a lot of money. They need money for their crops . They must pay for school for their children. Maybe it is good that people eat less chocolate. It is still bad for African farmers.	People in the US and Europe eat less chocolate which has an impact on cocoa bean farmers in Africa. The Ivory Coast is a country in West Africa, and it is one of the biggest producers of cocoa beans. People use cocoa beans to make chocolate and when the demand for chocolate falls, farmers do not sell their beans. African farmers have more than 100,000 tons of cocoa beans which they are not able to sell. They do not get money for their crops which means that they do not have enough money to pay for school for their children. European and US buyers want to slow business with the farmers, but they do not realize what an impact it has on them.	People in the US and Europe are eating less chocolate, and the impact is being felt thousands of kilometers away in the Ivory Coast. The West African country is a major producer of cocoa beans, the key ingredient of chocolate. Now, unsold cocoa beans are piling up with around 100,000 tons stranded in the bush. Farmers worry that buyers won´t be interested in buying cocoa beans at a fixed price and that they will not sell their beans. Chocolate buyers in Europe and the US ask for a delay in deliveries, and the downturn in orders is hitting livelihoods. Farmers don´t have enough money to send their children to school and cocoa beans are piling up at ports. While eating less chocolate might be good for consumers in the West, the downturn is causing havoc in African countries.
Here is some news from Australia. A man is at sea. He is 26 years old. He sees a whale. It is dead. There are sharks around it. The man jumps in the water. He climbs on the whale. Then he stands on it for a moment. Authorities think about punishing him, but they don’t. The whale was dead. He did not hurt it. The man’s parents say that he is an idiot.	Here is some news from Australia. A young man was at sea and he saw a dead whale. Sharks surrounded it, but he still jumped into the water and climbed up it. He then stood on it for a while. Authorities thought about fining him, but he did not hurt the whale, as it was already dead. The man’s parents said that he is an idiot.	Oh look, a dead whale surrounded by sharks. Oh look, an idiot! That’s 26-year-old Australian man Harrison who took it upon himself to dive into the ocean near Australia’s Rottnest Islands to board a dead and whale sort of ride it for a bit. Despite the heavy presence of sharks in the water, Harrison still decided to jump off his boat and clamber aboard the cetacean which luckily was too dead to put up much of a fuss . Authorities considered fining the krill -seeker, sorry thrill-seeker, but decided not to as the whale was already dead, and he didn’t remove any of it. Harrison’s parents think he’s an idiot. “Mom thinks I’m an idiot. Dad’s not too proud of me, you know…” You’re mum’s right, Harrison. You are an idiot.
A video is on the Internet. It shows a man. He is on a boat. The boat follows a moose . The moose is in the water. The man jumps on the moose. People watch the video. Many people call Canadian officials . The people tell them about this. The officials want to find the man. They want to know his name. If they find him, they can fine him. The fine can be up to 100,000 dollars.	A video, which someone uploaded to social media, showed a man. He stood on the bow of a speedboat and he followed a moose which was in the water. Then, he jumped on the moose! After watching the video, many people called Canadian officials who now are trying to identify the man. Someone probably filmed the video last July in the northern Rocky Mountains. Officials say that what the man did was illegal. If they find him, he could face a fine of up to 100,000 dollars.	Conservation officials in British Columbia have launched an investigation into a video which was posted online last weekend. The minute-long video shows a man standing on the bow of a speedboat, chasing a moose across a body of water. And then, this happens. Canadian officials say they received numerous calls from members of the public who had seen the video and are now trying to identify the man involved and work out exactly where it was filmed. It’s thought it may have been shot last July in the northern Rocky Mountains Provincial Park. This story comes shortly after another viral video caused outrage among conservationists, showing two men surfing on the back of a whale shark. It’s not the first time something like this has happened in Canada, either. In 2013, two men were fined 2,500 dollars for harassing a moose on Ontario Lake. Authorities say the actions of the man in this video are illegal, and if tracked down, he could face a fine of up to 100,000 dollars.
In Thailand, there is a Buddhist temple . 137 tigers live at the temple. Many tourists visit the temple. They want to see the tigers. However, there are some problems. People say that people treat the cats badly. Officials must get more information about this. If people are treating the tigers badly, officials will close the temple.	The Tiger Temple in Thailand is home to 137 tigers, but all of this could change. Officials are investigating the Buddhist temple that is popular with tourists. The officials accused the temple of maltreating the big cats. In January, officials took five tigers away and moved them to conservation centres. However, some people say that taking the animals away from the temple can be stressful for them. People also say that the temple is connected to the illegal trade of wildlife. Officials must investigate everything and then say if the cats can stay or must go.	A temple in Thailand that is popular with tourists is home to 137 tigers. Police investigated it for suspected links to wildlife trafficking as well as accusations of illegal breeding . Officials have removed some tigers from the temple and did not extend the temple’s zoo license. They moved the seized tigers to conservation centres. Some volunteers at the temple think that uprooting the animals is traumatic to them.
There is a video on the Internet. A person films it in Indonesia. The video becomes very popular . It shows a man and a dog. They are riding on a motorbike.The dog is the driver. Some people are shocked. The man, however, says that this is normal in Indonesia.	A video on the Internet became viral . It shows a man and a dog on a motorbike. Strangely, it is the dog that is driving. A person filmed the video in Manado, Indonesia. The man and the dog must be very close. However, they were driving to a place where people famously eat dog. The man said that a driving dog can seem unusual to people, but that it is completely normal in Indonesia.	A video has gone viral of a dog named Sydney driving his owner around on a motorbike in Indonesia. The dog wears a pair of thick sunglasses to protect his eyes from any glare on the road. There’s clearly a close, very trusting relationship between the pair, but they were in fact driving to a place where people famously eat dog meat. The duo is lapping up some limelight at the moment, all because it is something that we are not used to seeing, but the dog’s owner said that this is actually completely normal in Indonesia.
The Boy Scouts of America is an organisation. It teaches children new skills. However, all is not good in the organisation. Some people are worried that some children are sexually abused . Lawyers are suing the organisation. The lawyers say that almost 8,000 Boy Scout leaders sexually abuse almost 12,000 children. The Boy Scouts of America says that it is trying to protect the children. They say that they check if people do anything wrong.	A professor reviewed the Boy Scouts’ files over concerns of sexual abuse . From that review, a victims’ rights law firm is accusing almost 8,000 Boy Scout leaders of sexual abuse to over 12,000 children. The firm is filing lawsuits in New Jersey and in New York. The Boy Scouts of America said that it wants to protect children. The organisation says that it reports all suspected abuse, it has required trainings, it investigates the people who work for it, and it has a database to record peoples’ behaviour.	A victims’ rights law firm is accusing almost 8,000 Boy Scout leaders of sexual abuse to almost 12,000 children. The victims’ rights law firm released the names of about 50 of the accused abusers in New Jersey. It is filing lawsuits in New Jersey and in New York. The information comes from a professor who reviewed the Boy Scouts’ ‘ perversion files’ for the last five years. The professor said that the organisation works hard to protect children, and there was no cover-up . The Boy Scouts of America said that it reports all suspected abuse to law enforcement, it has required youth protection trainings, it performs background checks, and it has a database to screen volunteers of inappropriate behaviour.
A man works at a hospital in Wisconsin, US. He works with the new coronavirus vaccine . The company Moderna makes the vaccine. Doctors must keep the vaccine in a refrigerator . When they take it out, they must use it within 12 hours. The man takes the vaccine out. Some people find it later. It is after more than 12 hours. It means that the vaccine does not work anymore. The man says that it is a mistake. Later he says that he wants to destroy the vaccine. He does not say why he does it. It is a vaccine for more than 500 people. Police arrest the man. Some people get the vaccine. Moderna says that it is not dangerous for them. They will get a new vaccine.	Police arrested a man who worked at a hospital in Wisconsin, US. Police said that the man destroyed more than 500 doses of a coronavirus vaccine. The man said that he made a mistake when he took the vaccine from a refrigerator, and he forgot to put it back. Later, he then said that he wanted to destroy the vaccine. The problem was that the vaccine stayed out too long and it became ineffective . Some people got the vaccine, but the company which made the vaccine said that it was not dangerous to people. The man did not explain why he wanted to destroy the vaccine.	On Thursday, police arrested a pharmacist at a hospital in Wisconsin, US, on suspicion of sabotaging more than 500 doses of a coronavirus vaccine. When the misplaced vials were found, the pharmacist said that it was an unintentional error. However, later he admitted to removing the vaccine from cold storage in order to spoil it. Some of the doses were given to people before hospital officials determined that the medication had been left unrefrigerated for long enough to become ineffective. The medication was made by the company Moderna, and the remaining doses had to be thrown away. Moderna assured the hospital that those doses that were injected posed no safety issue to people. The pharmacist didn´t tamper with the vaccine in any other way other than removing it from refrigeration.
Guanaja is a Honduran island. It is 77 kilometers off the coast of Honduras. The island has beautiful beaches. Many tourists visit it every year. They dive and snorkel . They can see dolphins and a big coral reef . Then, a big fire starts there last week. The fire burns more than 200 buildings. Authorities say that a candle starts the fire. There are no firefighters on the island. People try to stop the fire. It is not possible. Luckily, nobody dies. Several people are hurt. Many people run away. They are scared. The president visits the island. He says that people must help each other. They must build houses again.	Last week, a big fire started on the Honduran island of Guanaja. The fire destroyed and damaged more than 200 houses and businesses. The fire started in the morning, and people tried to put it out . The problem was that there were no firefighters on the island, so the fire spread quickly. Luckily, nobody died in the fire, but several people were hurt. The president visited the island, and he asked local people to work together and to build the community again. Guanaja is one of the most beautiful Honduran islands, and it depends on tourists. Tourists find it attractive for its beautiful beaches and sea life.	Last week, a huge fire destroyed and damaged more than 200 houses and businesses on the Honduran island of Guanaja about 77 kilometers off the north coast of Honduras. It forced hundreds of residents to flee for safety and it ravaged the tourism-dependent resort. The fire started before dawn , and residents struggled to bring it under control as the island has no firefighters. The President of Hondras Juan Orlando Hernández visited the scene and described it as devastating. He promised that the homes destroyed by the blaze would be rebuilt. No one was reported dead; however, a number of people were injured in the fire that, authorities believe, was caused by a candle flame. Guanaja is one of the country´s three picturesque Bay Islands, where snorkelers and divers come to see dolphins and a big coral reef.
There is good news from a national park in Kenya. Two elephant twins live there. They are just two months old. This is a special thing. Elephants usually have one baby. The twins are with their mother and big sister. People look after them, too. There are 58 elephant families at the park. There are1,600 elephants in total . There are only females in the families. Males leave their families when they are 10–15 years old.	A national park in Kenya welcomed twin elephant calves . They are the first twins to be born there since 1980. The babies are two months old now, and they stay close to their mother and big sister for safety. People make sure that they are in good health, as well. There are 58 elephant families at the park and 1,600 elephants in total. Each family consists of female cousins, sisters and grandmothers who are the head of the family. The males leave their families when they are 10–15 years old.	Staff from the Amboseli National Park in Kenya welcomed twin elephant calves, as they are the first twins to be born there since 1980, and with recent deaths caused by drought , their birth is great news. Now the babies are two months old and they stay close to their mother and big sister for safety. People make sure that they are in good health, as well. There are 58 elephant families at the park and 1,600 elephants in total. Each family consists of female cousins, sisters and grandmothers who are the head of the family. The males leave their families when they are 10–15 years old.
Central Park Tower is a building in New York. There are only apartments in this building. There are no offices in this building. Now it is the tallest building with apartments in the world. The views from this building are fantastic . The prices in this building are very high. The prices start at 6.7 million dollars for one apartment. The most expensive apartment costs 63 million dollars. People don’t know who will buy these expensive flats. There are not many new customers who are looking for expensive apartments in New York.	Central Park Tower is a building in New York with apartments only. There are no offices in this building. It is now the tallest building with apartments in the world, and the views from this building are fantastic. The prices in this building are very high. The cheapest apartments start at 6.7 million dollars. The most expensive five-bedroom apartment costs 63 million dollars. It cost 3 billion dollars to build this tower. The question is who will buy the apartments now when there are not many new buyers who are looking for expensive apartments in New York.	Central Park Tower has just become the tallest residential building in the word. The views from this building are amazing. The prices in this skyscraper are as high as the sky . The cheapest apartment starts at 6.7 million dollars, and the most expensive five-bedroom apartment costs 63 million dollars. It cost 3 billion dollars to build this tower. The question is who will buy the apartments now when there are few new buyers looking for expensive apartments in New York.
A spider web is a net that spiders make. The net is sticky . Spiders use it for catching flies, beetles, and other animals. The net is very strong. It is from silk . Silk is five times stronger than steel . Scientists study spider webs. It is possible that they will help in building in the future. Also, scientists study other things. A computer program makes a 3D model of a net. It changes it into music. Scientists think that spiders can hear this music. It is very unusual. People cannot hear these sounds. Spiders can. Scientists hope that one day, they will understand spiders.	Scientists studied 3D models of spider webs and they used computers to make unusual sounds. A computer program checked the density of a web. If the density was higher, the music was more complicated. It was not usual music but a melody which scientists thought that spiders could feel. People cannot hear how spiders communicate because our ears cannot hear signals of this frequency . Scientists hope that one day, they can communicate with spiders. Spider webs are very strong, and the silk is five times stronger than steel. Scientists believe that in the future, they can use it in construction.	Researchers have created 3D models of spider webs to listen for spider signals. Then, they recreated the sounds with the help of computers and algorithms . The world of spiders isn´t audible to the human ear; however, artificial intelligence helps solve some of the mystery. Silk from a spider web is five times stronger than steel, and as the web gets more dense, the sound gets more complex. The frequency spectrum , the chords , or we can even say melodies, are the kind of relationships that spiders would also experience. Therefore, in a way, we can begin to feel a little bit like spiders. The discovery could lead to innovations in construction and repair, and scientists hope that one day, they could communicate with spiders.
In Colombo, Sri Lanka, there is a poor neighbourhood . People live in very small homes there. A big hill of trash is next to their homes. The people protest the situation. A very bad thing happens. The trash falls onto the homes. It kills 17 people. It injures 13 people. Soldiers look for other people. These people are trapped . Over 600 people leave the neighbourhood. One man says that they try to protest to police about the trash. He says that the police do not listen.	In Colombo, Sri Lanka, a hill of trash sat next to a poor neighbourhood. The residents there lived in tiny homes and protested against the situation, but then the worst happened. The trash fell down onto the homes, killed 17 people, and injured 13 more. Soldiers looked for other people who might be trapped . Over 600 people had to leave. One man said that they protested to the police before the incident, but the police beat them and arrested them. He said that now the police were there to help, but what could they do now?	In Colombo, Sri Lanka, a massive mound of rubbish sat next to a poor neighbourhood called Meetotamulla. The residents, who lived in tiny homes, protested against the health hazards of the situation, but then the worst happened. The garbage collapsed onto the homes, killing 17 people and injuring 13 more. Soldiers were looking for any other people that might be trapped under the rubble. Over 600 people had to flee their neighbourhood. One man said that when they would protest to the police about the trash dumping, those police would beat and arrest them. He asked that though those same police were there to help in rescues, what could they do now?
A baby Asian elephant is born in the UK. It is a girl. Other elephants come to meet her. This is a big event for the herd . It is a big moment for all Asian elephants, too. Asian elephants are in danger. They are dying out . They get sick, lose their homes, and have problems with people. The zoo hopes that the baby elephant can help. It can teach people about Asian elephants.	An Asian elephant calf was born at Chester Zoo in the UK. The rest of the herd came to greet the calf. A camera filmed all of this. This was a great moment for the herd, and Asian elephants in general. Asian elephants are endangered because of disease, loss of living space, and conflicts with humans. Conservationists from the zoo are working in India. They want to protect elephants and the people who live with them. The zoo hopes that the elephant calf will teach people about elephants and why they are in danger.	Video footage captured the moment a rare Asian elephant calf was born at Chester Zoo, UK. She was born to 12-year-old Sundara. The rest of the herd immediately came to greet the calf, including one-year-old half-sister Nandita, who witnessed a birth for the first time. The baby was on her feet within minutes. This was a great occasion for the herd and the Asian elephant species in general as it boosts the world breeding programme . Asian elephants are endangered due to disease, habitat loss, and direct conflicts with humans. Conservationists from the zoo have been working in India to protect elephants and the people that live with them. The zoo hopes that the elephant calf will raise awareness of the species and their threats.
A bomb explodes in a truck in Mogadishu. It is the capital city of Somalia. The explosion is very big. It kills many people. The bomb explodes on a very busy road. Officials say that more than 90 people are dead. 100 people are injured. It is not clear who is responsible for the explosion. Somalia´s president believes that the terrorist group Al-Shabab is responsible. This is because this is not the first explosion this year. Also, Al-Shabab carries out more attacks in the past. Al-Shabab has connection with another big terrorist group, Al-Qaeda.	On Saturday, a bomb exploded in a truck in Mogadishu, which is the capital city of Somalia. It was the worst explosion in the last two years, and it targeted a tax center. It happened at a busy crossroads during the time of day when there were a lot of cars and people in the streets. Officials say that it killed more than 90 people and injured more than 100 people. No terrorist group said that it was responsible for the attack, but Somalia´s president believes that the terrorist group Al-Shabab did it. Al-Shabab has a connection with another terrorist group, Al-Qaeda, and Al-Shabab carried out another attack in Somalia earlier this year and three attacks last year.	On Saturday, Somalia saw the worst truck bomb explosion in over two years. It happened at a busy intersection in Somalia´s capital city of Mogadishu during rush hour . A police officer said on national TV that the explosion targeted a tax collection center. Media reports say that 79 people were killed, and more than 100 people were injured; however, officials say that more than 90 people are dead. No groups claimed responsibility, but the country´s president blamed the terrorist group Al-Shabab, which is linked to another terrorist group, Al-Qaeda. Al-Shabab claimed responsibility for a car bombing in Somalia earlier this year and three bombings last year.
There is a plane crash near the main airport in Kyrgyzstan. About 40 people die. The Turkish Boeing 747 crashes in a residential  area near the airport. Many people in the residential area die. People on the plane die. The plane crash destroys 15 buildings. Many people are in hospital now. Some of these people are children. The plane flies to Turkey. It wants to stop at the airport in Kyrgyzstan. State TV says that it is probably a pilot´s error .	A cargo  plane crashed in a residential area just outside the main airport in Kyrgyzstan. The number of dead people is still going up, but almost 40 people died. The Turkish Boeing 747 crashed not far from the Manas International Airport. This is near the capital Bishkek. Many people in the residential area, as well as people on the plane, died. The plane crash destroyed at least 15 buildings. Many people, including children, were hospitalized. The plane was flying to Istanbul in Turkey. It wanted to stop in Manas. State TV reported that the plane crashed probably because of a pilot´s error .	A cargo plane crashed in a residential area just outside the main airport in Kyrgyzstan. The number of dead people is still rising, but almost 40 people are already believed to have died. The Turkish Boeing 747 crashed just outside the Manas International Airport, which is located near the capital Bishkek. Many people in the residential area close to the airport, as well as those on the plane, died. The plane crash destroyed at least 15 buildings and numerous people, including children, have been hospitalized. The flight was supposed to stop at Manas on the way to Istanbul in Turkey. State TV reported that based on preliminary information, the plane crashed due to a pilot’s error.
An earthquake strikes in China. Many houses fall down. People are under these houses. They need help. A dog helps them. It is over five years old. It knows how to find people. It finds a few people. However, the work is too hard for the dog. It gets very tired. It must go to the vet ’s. It must get some rest .	People were not the only ones who helped victims of China’s recent earthquake. A five-and-a-half-year-old dog helped to find a few buried people. The dog participated in 12 rescue operations, but this work was too hard. The dog was really tired afterwards and his paws hurt. The animal was sent to the vet’s, and it will rest at home for a few weeks.	A sniffer dog has exhausted itself in the relief work in the earthquake-hit Ludian County of southwest China’s Yunnan Province. The dog, named Piggy, is five and a half years old and had received professional training. Piggy, who’s participated in 12 rescue operations, arrived at the epicentre of Longtushan town on Monday, along with the Red Cross mountain team. The dog’s arrival has helped to speed up the team’s relief work and find several buried villagers in the earthquake ruins . But the high intensity of the work has exhausted Piggy and swelled its paws . Piggy has now finished the search task in Ludian and will return to Sichuan with its team. The rescue team will send Piggy to the vet’s to cure its paws and sense of smell. After treatment, they’ll bring it home to rest for a good few weeks.
This news is from North Carolina. It is a southern state in the USA. University students protest there. They protest a statue. Its name is ‘Silent Sam’. The students see it as a symbol of racist heritage . After some protesting, they knock down the statue. They kick it and cheer. The University does not like this. Police arrest one person.	Student at the University of North Carolina held a protest on campus last week. When they were protesting over a Confederate statue known as ‘Silent Sam’. They saw it as a symbol of racist heritage . A few hours into the protest, they knocked down the statue, kicked it and cheered around the empty pedestal . The University condemned the act. And police arrested one person.	Student activists at the University of North Carolina held a rally on campus last week, seeking the removal of a Confederate statue known as ‘Silent Sam’. As they saw the statue as a symbol of racist heritage , they suddenly toppled it several hours into the protest. They kicked the monument and cheered around the empty pedestal . The University condemned the destruction and police made one arrest.
There is a wildfire in Brazil. It starts on October 10th. Around 200 firefighters work to stop it. Around 200 volunteers help them. The fire burns nearly 160,000 acres of land. People bring it under control on November 30th.	A wildfire in Brazil was burning on October 10th, and only last Monday, people brought it under control. Altogether, almost 400 people helped to battle this fire. Around 200 volunteers across Brazil joined firefighters. They say that the fire burned nearly 160,000 acres.	Around 200 volunteers across Brazil joined firefighters to help control a wildfire which wreaked havoc on one of the country’s national parks. The volunteers provided transport, meals and manpower to the local fire services. Altogether, almost 400 people helped to battle the blaze which they brought under control last Monday. The fire burned since October 10th and people said it has burnt nearly 160,000 acres.
Scientists find water on a distant exoplanet . The planet is named K2-18b. It is 111 light years away. It is the first exoplanet with water in its star’s area where things can live. This means that there can be life on the planet. Next, scientists want to know what chemicals are around the planet.	Scientists discovered water vapor in the atmosphere of a distant exoplanet . The planet named K2-18b is 111 light years away. It is the first exoplanet with water to exist near its star’s livable area, which makes it a perfect candidate to search for alien life. The next step is going to be to detect chemicals around the planet. That will be possible within the next 10 years. These chemicals could show if anything lives on the planet.	Scientists studying data from the Hubble Space Telescope discovered water vapor in the atmosphere of a distant exoplanet . The planet named K2-18b is 111 light years away and it is the first one with water to exist in its star’s habitable zone , which makes it a perfect candidate to search for alien life. The next step is going to be to detect chemicals in the planet’s atmosphere, which is going to take place within the next 10 years, according to the study’s lead scientist. These chemicals could indicate whether anything lives on the planet.
In New Zealand, there are two big islands. These are the North Island and the South Island. An earthquake hits the South Island. It hits only 14 kilometres from a city. It hits after 1 p.m. on Sunday. Many people are at the beach. The earthquake is strong. Rocks fall from the cliffs . Luckily, nobody is injured. In 2011, there was a very strong earthquake there. 185 people died. This area often has earthquakes. This area lies on the Pacific Ring of Fire.	A powerful earthquake hit New Zealand’s South Island. The epicentre was only 14 kilometres from a city. The earthquake hit just after 1 p.m. on Sunday when the beaches were busy with swimmers and surfers. Parts of the cliffs in the area fell down into the sea. Luckily, police say that nobody was seriously injured. In 2011, however, a strong quake led to 185 deaths and destroyed much of the city. The region often has earthquakes. The city lies on the Pacific Ring of Fire that is a line of frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions.	Cliffs crumble into the sea, spreading clouds of dust in the hills, after a 5.7- magnitude earthquake hit Christchurch in New Zealand. The epicentre of Sunday’s quake in the country’s South Island was nine miles (14 kilometres) east of the city and just nine miles deep and has been deemed  severe by New Zealand’s seismological  body GNS Science. It struck just after 1 p.m. local time with beaches to the east of Christchurch busy with swimmers and surfers when rocks began to fall into the sea. The region, which is used to earthquakes, and experienced 40 aftershocks, although police said there were no reports of major damage or serious injuries, but there were some reports of liquefaction . The city lies on the Pacific Ring of Fire which is a line of frequent quakes and volcanic eruptions. The latest tremor struck just eight days before the five-year anniversary of the 2011 quake, which led to a 185 deaths and left much of Christchurch City Centre needing to be rebuilt.
A new report comes out. It is about refugees . The report says that more people leave their homes from 2017 to 2018. The total number of people is 70 million. That is the highest on record . Forty-one million people need help in their countries. Twenty-six million people are refugees. The report says that people are seeking asylum for many reasons. There is war and fighting, very dry weather, political problems, or the people do not have any money.	A report by a refugee agency says that the number of people who had to leave their homes increased by 2.3 million from 2017 to 2018. The total number was 70 million people. It is the highest on record and double the number from 10 years ago. The report says that people are running away from civil wars and other conflicts, droughts , political problems, and poverty . A UN leader said that the report shows that there is a rising number of people who need safety. The report came out ahead of Thursday’s World Refugee Day.	The annual Global Trends Report from the UN Refugee Agency found that the number of displaced people increased by 2.3 million from 2017 to 2018. The total number was 70 million people, which is the highest on record. This is double the number from 10 years ago, and it means that almost 1 in every 100 people are displaced. The report says that the causes are people fleeing civil wars, violence, ethnic persecution , drought, political problems, and poverty. Forty-one million people are displaced in their own countries while 26 million people are refugees. A UN refugee commissioner said that the report shows that there is a rising trend ‘in the number of people needing safety from war, conflict and persecution’. The report came out ahead of Thursday’s World Refugee Day.
It is Easter next week. Chocolatiers in Los Angeles, California, are getting ready. They are making Easter chocolates. One shop is making 18 karat gold Easter bunnies. The golden bunnies are a hit with people. People like to buy expensive chocolate at Easter. Expensive chocolatiers make more money around the holiday. The shop gets creative at Easter, also. It sells different types of chocolate eggs.	Next week, Easter is coming and chocolatiers in Los Angeles, California, are getting ready. One chocolate producer is making special 18 karat gold Easter bunnies. The producer started making chocolates in 1942 and is known for its expensive treats . The luxury Easter bunnies are a hit with customers. A food critic explained that people like to eat expensive chocolates at Easter, so makers of quality chocolate always sell more. Easter brings out the shop’s creative side, as well. It offers people different types of chocolate eggs, and each egg is carefully made.	With Easter coming next week, chocolatiers in Los Angeles, California, are getting ready for the holiday, and one store is producing special 18 karat gold Easter bunnies. Edelweiss Chocolates in LA has been making chocolate goodies since 1942 and is known for its expensive treats and handmade premium chocolate. The luxury Easter bunnies are a hit with customers. A food critic explained that people like to eat fancy chocolate around Easter, and spend money on high-end chocolates, so the more expensive chocolatiers see a big bump in business around Easter. Easter brings out the shop’s creative side, as well. It presents people with a variety of chocolate egg creations with careful attention and precision paid to each egg.
The US and the UK have an agreement . They work together to share data for serious crimes. This happens when someone commits a crime when he is in one country. The data is in another country. Sometimes police take a long time to get the data. The US and the UK say that they will share the data quickly instead. However, this does not change what companies can do. Companies can make their data difficult or impossible to read. Facebook wants to do this with its user messages. The US, the UK, and Australia ask Facebook to talk with them first.	The US and the UK agreed to work together to share data for investigations into serious crimes. If someone commits a crime in one country and the data is in another country, it can take authorities years to get the data. This makes the investigation difficult. The US and the UK agree to share this data much more quickly. However, this decision does not stop companies from using data encryption . Facebook wants to do this with its user messages. The US, the UK, and Australia are asking Facebook to address their concerns first.	The US and the UK entered  an  agreement to share data for investigations into serious crimes. If someone commits a crime in one country and the data is in another country, authorities may jump through legal hoops for years to get the data. This makes the investigation difficult to complete. The agreement lets the US and the UK ask for data from the other country without the legal hoops. However, the agreement does not stop companies from encrypting the data. Facebook wants to encrypt its user messages. The US, the UK, and Australia are asking Facebook to address their safety issues first.
French police shoot dead a Chinese man. It happens in Paris. Police say that the man attacks them with scissors. They say that it is self-defence . The man has a family. His family has a lawyer. He says that the police are not telling the truth . China contacts the French embassy . The next day after the killing, people in Paris protest. Three policemen are injured. Thirty people are arrested.	French police shot dead a Chinese man in his home in Paris. The police say that the man attacked an officer with scissors, so they acted in self-defence. The lawyer of the family rejected the description , and China contacted the French embassy . The next day after the killing, people in Paris started to protest. Three police officers were injured and more than 30 people were arrested.	Violent clashes erupted in Paris on Monday 27th over the killing of a Chinese man by police. Three police officers were injured and more than 30 people detained during the clashes. Fifty-six-year-old Liu Shaoyo was killed in his home on the previous day. Police say that they acted in self-defence after he attacked an officer with scissors. The family’s lawyer rejected the account , and China said that it has filed an ‘official complaint’ with the French embassy.
California is a state in the USA. Its southern border is with Mexico. California has 360 troops at the border. California wants to move the troops away. They will do something else. For example, they can fight fires. The Californian governor talks about this plan. He says that there is no problem at the border. He says that it is Trump’s political theatre. Political theatre is when a leader says things to get people to want to follow him or her. He does not want to be a part of his theatre.	California is a state in the USA. Its southern border is with Mexico and there are 360 Californian troops at the border. Last week, California’s governor announced a plan. He wants to move all of the troops from the border to fight fires or look for information on drug cartels instead. The governor said that Trumps border crisis is not real, and that California will not be a part of his political theatre. Political theatre is when a leader says things to get people to want to follow him or her.	Last week, California’s Governor, Gavin Newsom, announced plans to withdraw all of the state’s National Guard troops from the border between Mexico and the USA. The 360 troops will be redeployed to fight fires and gather information on drug cartels. The governor thinks that Trump’s ‘border emergency’ is not real and he and California will not be a part of that political theatre. Political theatre is when a leader says things to get people to listen to him. The previous week, New Mexico’s governor made a similar decision – she withdrew most of her state’s National Guard members from the border.
On Friday evening, a plane crashes at an airport in India.The airport is very big and famous. Many international planes land there. However, heavy rains are in India now. It is typical summer weather in the country. The plane wants to land. However, it is too dangerous. The pilots decide not to land. They must try again. This time, the plane slides on the runway. A lot of water is on the runway. The plane crashes. The plane breaks into two pieces. Luckily, no fire starts. Rescuers can take the passengers out. 18 people die in the accident. More than 150 people have serious problems.	On Friday evening, a plane crashed at an airport in Kerala, India. The plane was on the way from Dubai, and it carried 191 people. These people were in a difficult situation because of the coronavirus crisis, and officials needed to help them. However, in India, there are heavy rains at this time of year, and it was difficult for the plane to land. The pilots aborted the first attempt to land because it was too dangerous. During the second attempt, the plane slid on the runway, and the pilots lost control of the plane. When the plane crashed, it broke into two pieces. Luckily, there was no fire, and rescuers could take the passengers out of the plane. However, 18 people died, and more than 150 people suffered serious injuries.	A plane carrying 191 people crashed at an airport in the couthern state of Kerala, India. The aircraft crashed on Friday evening when it attempted to land for a second time. The first attempt was aborted by the pilots because of heavy rainfall. India aviation officials say that the aircraft skidded off the runway in rain, and it broke into two pieces upon landing. The plane, en route from Dubai, was bringing home Indians that were stranded by the coronavirus crisis, and it was attempting to land at Calicut terminal, which is one of Kerala´s most important international airports. Luckily, the plane did not catch fire, and rescuers were able to get people out of the damaged aircraft. An airline spokesperson said that 18 people died in the accident and several passengers were seriously injured.
A man has a cycling accident. He cannot move below his shoulders. However, there is new technology. It lets the man move his right arm and hand again. There are electrodes in his head. They record his brain. They send signals to another device . This device tells the muscles in his arm to move. The man is 56 years old. He is the first person with paralysis to move again.	Eight years ago, a man was paralysed below his shoulders in a cycling accident. Now, thanks to new technology, he can move his right arm and hand again. There are electrodes in his head that record the activity of his brain. They generate signals which tell another device to stimulate the muscles in his arm. The 56-year-old is the first person with quadriplegia to move again.	Bill Kochevar was paralysed below his shoulders in a cycling accident eight years ago, but now with the help of new technology, he can move his right arm and hand again. There are electrodes under his skull to record the activity of brain neurons to generate signals, which tell another device to stimulate the muscles in his paralysed limb. People believe that the 56-year-old is the first person with quadriplegia to have this done, and the university in Ohio that is doing the research has shown the whole world that it is possible to reconnect the brain and make an arm move again.
In the USA, some LGBT groups learn to shoot. This is because the extreme right is getting stronger. This scares them. A woman says that LGBT people need to be armed . A man says that people think that LGBT people are not strong. Now they are strong. However, one man does not like this. He says that it is a problem. It is a problem when so many people have weapons.	In the USA, some LGBT groups have taken up weapons as a reaction to the growth of the extreme right . People say that their groups are about making them feel stronger, able to protect themselves, and help one another. One woman said that the groups are about teaching people to be armed. A man said that people think of queer people as weak and this is a way to fight that idea. However, one man said that learning how to fight with weapons creates more problems when so many people have weapons.	The burning of rainbow flags after the election of Donald Trump in the USA and attacks on people at a rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, have moved some LGBT groups to take up arms . People formed the Trigger Warning Queer and Trans Gun Club in reaction to the rise of the extreme right. Trigger Warning members say that the group is about empowerment , self-defence, and supporting the community. One woman said that the groups are ‘acknowledging our fear of a world in which conservatives are the only ones who are armed’. A man said that people think of queer people as weak and defenceless, and this movement pushes back against that idea. Some activists are wary of creating gun clubs, though. A director of a LGBT group said that arms races cause ‘harm and hurt can come when so many people have arms and weapons’.
Dogs can be expressive . People think that this is involuntary . However, a university studies the dogs. The dogs are much more expressive when humans watch them. This means that dogs’ expressions are not involuntary. They are a way to communicate with people.	People thought that the expressions of dogs were involuntary . However, a new study shows otherwise. Dogs produce more expressions when they know that people are watching them. This means that the expressions are a way of communication with humans. The study was done on 24 dogs of different breeds by the University of Portsmouth in England.	A study has found that dogs change their expression in direct response to human attention, i.e. producing far more expressions when they know that humans are watching them than when they are not. One dog walker who was interviewed even said that he has noticed his dogs expressing true emotions such as ‘I’m scared’ and fake ones like ‘It wasn’t me’. People previously thought that dog expressions were involuntary emotional displays rather than calculated attempts to communicate. The research, conducted by the University of Portsmouth, studied 24 dogs of various breeds, and the doctor who led the study believes the dog’s expressions are a result of domestication.
This news is about dogs. One type is popular in Britain. It is the type with a flat  face . These dogs, however, are often unhealthy . They have problems with breathing . Some people leave their dogs because of this. This is a problem. Animal doctors do not like this. They ask people to buy healthy dogs.	Dogs with “flat-faced” features are popular in Britain, but often they have breathing difficulties and other health problems. Some people abandon these dogs because of this. This is a problem and vets are asking people not to buy these dogs. People should choose healthy dogs instead.	Vets are urging people not to buy dogs with fashionable “flat-faced” features like pugs . The British Veterinary Association is concerned at an increase at such pets being abandoned . Growing numbers are being given away due to breathing difficulties and other health problems. The BVA wants animal lovers to buck the fashion trend and choose “healthier breeds” instead.
There is a new “Star Wars” movie. It is coming to cinemas in December. It is called “Star Wars: The Force Awakens”. It is the seventh film in the series . It is directed by J. J. Abrams. The sixth film is “Star Wars: Return of the Jedi”. The story of the new film happens 30 years after the sixth film. There is a trailer for this newest movie. It looks good.	The final trailer for “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” debuted online. The film seems to live up to its title as well as expectation . The newest film is coming to cinemas this Christmas, and J. J. Abrams directed it. The story of the film takes place thirty years after the events of “Star Wars: Return of the Jedi”, which was released in 1983.	The final trailer for “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” has debuted online. And according to reaction, it lives up to its title as well as expectation. The seventh film in the series, reunites original stars Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher and Mark Hamill, as well as introducing British newcomers Daisy Ridley and John Boyega. The franchise has been trending on Twitter with anticipation building up to the film’s release later this year. Directed by J. J. Abrams, the film picks up three decades after the events of “Return of the Jedi” released in 1983. Newcomer Ridley shared her reaction to the trailer on Instagram, saying she was, “so incredibly awed to be part of this incredible legacy .” “Oh my god! It’s amazing!” The titillating trailer teases the audience, giving little away to the plot of the movie. “Star Wars Episode VII” is released in the UK on December 17th, and it appears that the force is well and truly with us.
A security camera captures a crime. It happens in England. A criminal is behind a man. This man is disabled . He rides on a mobility scooter . The criminal tries to take the man’s bag. The bag gets around the man’s neck. He cannot breathe , but the criminal keeps pulling the bag. The disabled man falls on the ground. The criminal finally gets the bag. He runs away. The criminal is caught. He goes to prison. He goes to prison for 40 months.	A security camera captured a shocking crime. It shows a drunk criminal who tries to steal a bag from a disabled man on a mobility scooter. It happened in England. The criminal approached to the man from behind. He tried to snatch the bag, but the bag’s cord got caught around the victim ’s neck. The victim couldn’t breathe, but the criminal did not let go of the bag. The disabled 42 year-old man fell on the ground. The 23 year-old criminal finally got the bag and ran off. The criminal was later recognised by the victim. The criminal was jailed for 40 months.	These shocking images show the moment a drunk thug tried to steal a bag from a disabled man on a mobility scooter. CCTV footage released by police shows the moment the thug creeps up behind his victim and tries to snatch the bag from his back. The victim was hauled from his scooter and onto the ground, after the bag’s cord got stuck around his neck. Daniel Jones from Nuneaton approached the 42 year-old man when he saw him on a late night supermarket trip in Coventry. Despite the victim gasping for breath when the bag was caught around his neck, Jones refused to release his grip and dragged him off the scooter. The 23 year-old finally managed to untangle the bag’s cord and ran off. After claiming he couldn’t remember anything about the incident, he was picked out during an ID parade , and was later jailed for 40 months after admitting robbery.
A polar bear is moving from Moscow Zoo to England. Its name is Nissan. Nissan is in a cage in a lorry. The lorry is now in Calais. In Calais, there are many migrants . They want to get from Calais to Britain. Some migrants open the lorry. They see the polar bear. One migrant gets scared. He runs away. Three other migrants enter the lorry. They hide in the lorry. They are behind the cage. They are there only for 10 minutes. Police come and catch them.	A one-year-old polar bear was travelling from Moscow Zoo to England. When he was in Calais, some migrants opened the lorry that he was in. One migrant got scared and ran away. Three other migrants entered the lorry and hid behind the bear’s cage . They spent 10 minutes in total darkness before French police removed them from the truck. The bear, whose name is Nissan, stayed calm during the incident. Now, he is now settling into his new home.	This is the moment police seized three migrants trying to sneak into Britain in the back of a lorry carrying a polar bear. After opening the rear doors and coming face to face with the animal, the men hid behind the bear’s steel cage. One-year-old Nissan from Moscow Zoo was bound  for the Yorkshire Wildlife Park in Doncaster. The men were among a group of refugees who stopped a convoy of trucks outside Calais’ notorious “jungle” camp in the early hours of the morning. One terrified migrant is seen to take one look at the one-year-old bear before running away. The other men spent 10 minutes huddled in total darkness before French police, acting on a tip-off , removed them from the truck. Nissan who remained unfazed during the incident has since been settling into his new home.
Two women in Florida, US, want to get the coronavirus vaccine . The women are too young. They are 34 and 44 years old. Only people older than 65 get the vaccine in the US. The women have an idea. They wear special clothes. They wear hats, gloves, and glasses. They look like grannies. They come to a vaccination site . They have vaccination documents. They show their driver´s licenses , too. A worker sees that the birth dates are different. It is clear that the women change their birth dates in their vaccination documents. A police officer comes. The women must leave. They must not come back. The women already get the first vaccine in the past. Nobody knows where they get it.	Two women dressed up to look like grannies because they wanted to get the coronavirus vaccine. The women were wearing hats, gloves, and glasses when they arrived at the vaccination site in Florida, US. They changed their birth years in vaccination documents and they hoped that they would get a vaccine. In the US, people who are 65 and older, get the vaccine first, but the women were only 34 and 44 years old. The staff saw that the birth dates in the documents and the birth dates in their driver´s licenses were different. A police officer asked the women to leave and he said that they could not come back. Some people want the vaccine and they will try anything to get it. A man tried to trick health workers with his father´s documents because his father had the same name as him.	Two women dressed up to make themselves appear as older adults to get coronavirus vaccinations. The women, aged 34 and 44, disguised themselves with hats, gloves, and glasses and they came to the vaccination site in Florida, US. According to officials, the women altered their birth years on their vaccination registrations to bypass the state system that prioritizes people aged 65 and older. The staff noticed the discrepancy with their birthdays listed on their driver´s licenses and a police officer issued trespass warnings against them. Apparently, the women had gotten the first shot; however, it was unclear where. Apparently, there have been more cases of people trying to trick health workers into getting their vaccinations, including a man who had the same name as his elderly father.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a football player. He plays for Real Madrid. He is the club’s best scorer ever. Ronaldo wins the European Golden Shoe. This is his fourth shoe. However, he is not satisfied . He wants more. He wants a fifth shoe and a sixth shoe. Ronaldo gets his shoe at a ceremony . The ceremony is in Madrid. He is there with his son Cristiano Junior.	For the fourth time, Cristiano Ronaldo won the European Golden Shoe award. He is the first player to have four Golden Shoes, but he says that he wants more. Ronaldo wants to win a fifth and a sixth shoe, too. The award recognises Cristiano as the top scorer in Europe’s domestic leagues. The star picked up the trophy at a ceremony in Madrid with his son Cristiano Junior. Ronaldo is also Real Madrid’s top scorer in history.	Cristiano Ronaldo has won the European Golden Shoe award for the fourth time. The Real Madrid striker is the first player to bag four Golden Shoes, but the competitive sportsman says it’s not enough. “I am not satisfied. I always want more. I know I am the only one who has four boots, but I want more. I want a fifth one and sixth one, if possible. Obviously, that means winning things collectively with the team, trophies, but for me Real Madrid is the greatest club in the world and it must win titles every year. This year will obviously be no different.” The award recognises Cristiano as the top scorer in Europe’s domestic leagues. He scored 48 goals in 35 appearances for Real last season, edging out Barcelona’s Lionel Messi who netted 43 goals in 38 outings. The sports star picked up the trophy along with his son Cristiano Junior at a ceremony in Madrid. Ronaldo became Real Madrid’s top scorer in history in September, surpassing Raul Gonzalez with 324 goals.
An American family has a big cat. It is 22 pounds (10 kilograms) heavy. The family has a baby, too. It is seven months old. The cat attacks the baby. The baby is not injured badly. Its head is only a little scratched . However , the family has a problem. They are in the bedroom. The cat is outside the room. The family cannot get out of the bedroom. If they get out, the cat attacks them. The man calls the police. The police come and stop the cat.	Something unusual happened to an American family. Their seven-month-old baby was attacked by the family’s cat. Luckily, the baby was not seriously injured. It only had some scratches on its forehead. However, the family was trapped in the bedroom for some time, as the cat wouldn’t let them out. The cat is a large Himalayan . It weighs 22 pounds (10 kilograms) and it has a history of violence . The family didn’t know what to do, so the man called the police and the cat was contained . The family is now considering what to do with the cat.	An American family called for help after its 10-kilogram Himalayan cat scratched its seven-month-old baby and held all of them hostage inside a bedroom. The conversation between the family and emergency services was recorded. The victims said that their cat had a history of violence and was being really bad at that moment. Luckily, the baby did not need any medical attention. Emergency services sent police over to contain the cat, and the family is considering what to do with its feline foe now that there is a baby.
A Dutch creator makes a very big sandcastle. 30 sculptors help him. They build the sandcastle in Blokhus, Denmark. The sandcastle is almost 21 meters high. It is the biggest sandcastle in the world. The sculptors build a tower. It is from wood . They put clay on it. Clay is soft when it is wet. It is hard when it dries. The sculptors put 4,500 tons of sand on the clay. They need glue. It sticks the clay and the sand together. Coronavirus is on top of the sandcastle. It shows the power of the coronavirus. A sandcastle festival is in the town every year. People will celebrate that their sandcastle is the largest in the world.	A Dutch creator and 30 sculptors created the largest sandcastle in the world. The sandcastle was in Blokhus, Denmark, and it was almost 21 meters high. It beat the previous record by more than 3 meters. The sculptors built a wooden structure, and they put clay on it. When the clay was dry, they put glue on it, and covered the clay with almost 4,500 tons of sand. On the top of the sandcastle, they put a copy of the coronavirus, and it looked like a crown. The creator wanted to show the power which coronavirus had. The sandcastle also represented Danish culture. Every year, there is a sandcastle festival in Blokhus, and this year, it will be even more special because people will celebrate their Guinness World Record .	The world´s largest sandcastle has been built in Blokhus, Denmark, setting a new record. The 21-meter-structure was built around a wooden skeleton and it was made of clay , a top layer of glue, and nearly 4,500 tons of Danish sand. The castle sensitively depicts the COVID-19 pandemic, and it also represents the local culture. With the help of 30 sculptors, a Dutch creator Wilfred Stijger created the sandcastle to represent the power the coronavirus has held over the world. It you look at it closely, at the top of the sandcastle lies a replica of the virus in the form of a crown. The sandcastle´s open to visitors and it´ll stand in place until the winter. Blokhus holds a popular sandcastle festival in the town every summer, and this year, they´ll be celebrating their upcoming Guinness World Record. The sandcastle beats out the previous biggest sandcastle in Germany by more than 3 meters, according to the Guinness World Records.
This news is about a dog. Her name is Pinky. She is sick. Doctors operate on her. They remove her ear canal . Pinky is now deaf . She lives in an animal’s hospital in London. Hospital staff take care of her. The staff notices something about Pinky. She wants to hold hands with people. She absolutely loves it! Somebody must always hold her paw. Pinky is looking for a family. She needs love.	The skin condition of a dog called Pinky seriously affected her ears, and doctors had to operate on her. They removed one ear canal and now the dog is deaf . The dog is now in an animal’s hospital in London. The hospital staff , who is taking care of Pinky, notice something unusual – the dog always wants to hold somebody’s hand. When there is somebody near her, she lifts herself and wants to hold hands. The dog loves this so much that the staff has become very good at typing with one hand! Pinky is now looking for a new home where she can get all the love that she needs.	This Valentine’s Day we may see lots of loving couples holding hands, but for this homeless dog, it doesn’t matter what day of the year it is, she just wants to hold your hand. Pinky, who’s an 8-year-old crossbreed, was taken to Blue Cross Animal Hospital in London to have surgery to relieve a painful ear condition after her owners could no longer care for her. While at the hospital, the staff noticed she was constantly wanting to hold a hand. They say she’s so desperate  for human company that as soon you’re near her, she lifts her paw for you to hold, meaning that the staff have become very good at typing with one hand. Pinky is virtually deaf after a skin condition severely affected her ears, meaning the entire ear canal in one ear had to be removed. Her lack of hearing makes physical touch even more important. Pinky is now looking for a new home where she’ll get all the love she craves , and if you’re feeling a bit lonely this Valentine’s, there’s one animal who would be more than happy to hold your hand.
Hugues Fabrice Zango is 28 years old. He is from Burkina Faso. It is a country in West Africa. The country is very poor. Zango wins the first-ever Olympic medal for Burkina Faso. Zango wins the medal in the men´s triple jump . His jump is 17.47 meters long. It is 35 centimeters shorter than Zango´s African record . Zango´s family watch him jump from their home. His mother is very nervous. She cannot watch the jump. Now they are very happy. Zango wins on the 13 th day of the Olympics. This day is very special for Burkina Faso. It is Independence Day.	Hugues Fabrice Zango won Burkina Faso´s first-ever Olympic medal. The 28-year-old Zango won bronze in the men´s triple jump with his leap of 17.47 meters. His first two jumps were not very good, but the third one brought a great victory . Zango´s jump was only 35 centimeters shorter than his African outdoor record. Zango´s family watched him from their sofa at home. His mother could not watch because she was too nervous. They were all proud of Zango when he won. It was even more special because Zango won on the day of the 61 st anniversary of Burkina Faso´s independence .	Hugues Fabrice Zango won Burkina Faso´s first-ever Olympic medal, as he claimed bronze in the men´s triple jump on the 13 th day of the Tokyo Olympics. The 28-year-old´s leap of 17.47 meters was 35 centimeters short of his African outdoor record that he set earlier this year. It was enough to claim third place just ahead of two-time Olympic silver-medalist Will Claye of the USA. Zango said that he was sad because he wasn´t able to produce his best performance; however, he believed that his country would get more medals in the next Olympics in Paris. For Zango´s family, it was a tense viewing experience, as his first two jumps were disappointing. His mother was too nervous to watch; however, Zango eventually won, and his mother said that she couldn´t be prouder. The victory was made even more special, as it fell on the 61 st anniversary of Burkina Faso´s Independence Day.
There is an earthquake in Nepal. Around 3,700 people die. It destroys many buildings. It cracks roads. People’s houses are not safe. They must stay outside. There is a video in the L3 section. The video shows Nepal’s capital city. It shows it one day after the earthquake. People call Nepal’s capital city Katmandu.	There was a great earthquake in Nepal. Around 3,700 people died. Thousands are now living out in the open because they are worried that more buildings will collapse . A drone filmed Katmandu, Nepal’s capital city, a day after the disaster. The video shows big cracks across the roads, damaged buildings, and destroyed monuments . It destroyed a famous tower called the Dharahara tower. It was a historical monument built in the 1800’s.	This amateur drone footage filmed a day after the Nepal earthquake shows a moving bird’s eye view of the devastation in Katmandu. The images show toppled monuments, huge cracks across major roads, and damage to residential buildings across the city. The destruction of famous landmarks can be seen, such as the nine-storey Dharahara tower. The historical monument was built as a watch tower in the 1800’s. The number of people killed in the devastating  magnitude 7.8 quake has now risen above 3,700. People began fleeing the capital on Monday, terror-stricken by two days of powerful aftershocks and looming  shortages of food and water. Thousands of the sick and wounded are now living out in the open because of the fear of more collapsing buildings.
A patient in London is very ill. He has HIV. HIV is a dangerous virus that attacks the human body. There is no cure for this virus. Scientists say that they cure a patient with HIV. It is the second time in history when this happens. The patient has HIV and blood cancer. Doctors transplant  stem cells into his body. They use a special therapy. The therapy helps cure the HIV and the blood cancer, too. Scientists are very happy. However, the therapy is not good for every patient. It is possible only for patients with blood cancer.	A patient in London had HIV. Scientists announced that they cured the patient, and that they used a special gene therapy. There is a gene called CCR5, and some people have a different form of this gene. It is special because HIV does not affect it. The patient had HIV and blood cancer. Doctors found a donor who had the different form of the gene. They transplanted stem cells into the patient´s body, which helped cure both the cancer and the HIV. For the last 30 months, the patient did not show any signs of HIV. The therapy is new, and it gives hope to other HIV patients. However, scientists said that the therapy is not suitable for all patients.	For the second time in history, scientists believe that they have cured a patient of HIV. The key to this possible cure is a gene known as CCR5. Some people have a mutation of this gene that is resistant to HIV. The patient, who is known to come from London, had HIV and a rare form of blood cancer. He got a stem cell transplant to treat the cancer from a donor who has the HIV-resistant form of the gene. The transplant helped treat both the cancer and the HIV. The patient has been in HIV remission for 30 months. The success of the treatment is groundbreaking; however, scientists warn that the gene treatment should only be used as the last option for patients who also have blood cancer.
Donald Trump talks about his plans. He wants to make America great again. He wants to create jobs for Americans. Here are some other things he also wants. He does not want the USA to be in the Trans-Pacific Partnership. He wants to cancel many restrictions . He wants to protect America from all attacks. He wants to stop illegal  immigration . He also wants to change the rules for lobbyists .	Donald Trump talked about the plans for his first 100 days at the White House. The most important thing for him is putting America first. Producing steel , building cars or curing disease, he wants it all to happen in the USA to create jobs for American workers. He presented a list of actions to do this. Trump does not want the USA to join the Trans-Pacific Partnership, he wants to cancel many restrictions , and cancel restrictions on the production of American energy. He also wants to protect America from cyber-attacks or other forms of attacks, stop illegal immigration, and change the rules for lobbyists .	Donald Trump provided the American people with an update on the transition of the White House policy plans for the first 100 days. His agenda will be based on a simple core principle: putting America first. Whether it’s producing steel, building cars or curing disease, he wants the next generation of production and innovation to happen in the USA, creating wealth and jobs for American workers. He developed a list of executive actions the White House can take on day one. The following is included. Trump wants to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, cancel “job-killing” restrictions on the production of American energy, reduce the overall number of restrictions, protect America’s vital infrastructure from cyber-attacks and all other forms of attacks, investigate all abuses of visa programs, and restrain executive officials from becoming lobbyists after they leave the administration.
Kosovo is a part of Serbia until the 1990s. A war starts between Albanians and Serbians. Albanians separatists want to leave Serbia. Over 10,000 people die. This month, Albanian war veterans from Kosovo block roads. They want to stop a visit by the Serbian president. They burn tires . They put big pieces of wood and big cars in the roads. During the war, one veteran says that he and other soldiers stop tanks. He says that they can stop the president, also.	Kosovo was a part of Serbia until the 1990s when war between Albanians and Serbians broke out. In 1998, Serbia killed over 10,000 people when it attacked Albanian separatists . This month, Albanian war veterans from Kosovo blocked roads to stop a visit by the Serbian president. They burned tires and placed big logs and vehicles in the roads. One veteran said that he and the other soldiers stopped tanks from coming down this road, so the president was not going to come, either.	Kosovo was a Serbian province up until the 1990s when war between Albanians and Serbians broke out. In 1998, Serbia attacked Albanian separatists and killed over 10,000 people. This month, Albanian war veterans from Kosovo blocked roads to stop a visit by the Serbian president Vucic. They burned the tires and placed large logs and heavy machinery in the roads. One veteran said that he and the other soldiers stopped tanks from coming down this road, so there was no way that the president was going to come, either.
Somebody shoots down an airplane in Ukraine. This is in 2014. There are 298 people on the plane. All of them die. In 2014, people do not know who shoots down the plane. Now, investigators find the criminals. They know their names. One of them is from Ukraine. Three are from Russia. The trial is going to be in March 2020.	In 2014, someone shot down the Malaysian Airlines Flight 17 over eastern Ukraine. All 298 people on board died. Now, international investigators charged four men with murder of the people. One is from Ukraine and three are from Russia. The trial is set to begin in March 2020.	Someone shot down the Malaysian Airlines Flight 17 over eastern Ukraine in 2014. All 298 people on board died. Now, international investigators charged four men with murder of the people. Police issued national and international arrest warrants for one Ukrainian and three Russian nationals last Wednesday. The criminal trial is set to begin in March 2020. The investigators say that they will move forward with the trial even if the suspects are not present, which will likely be the case. The prosecutors also say that they will not ask for extradition , since Ukraine and Russia do not extradite nationals.
A group of women in southern Morocco make argan oil. They use it for cooking. Argan oil is popular in all the world now. Cosmetic companies use it in their products. They call it ‘ liquid gold’. It is very good for the skin and for hair, too. It makes the skin look healthy. One liter of argan oil costs 30 to 50 dollars a liter in Morocco. It costs up to 250 dollars in the international market . Argan oil changes the lives of women in Tiout Vllage. They start to make the oil in 2002. About 130 women set up a business. They work together. They get money for their work. They have a free kindergarten . They can go to reading and writing courses.	In the mountains of southern Morocco, a group of local women harvest argan oil. They always used the oil for cooking, but in recent years, argan oil became popular in all the world. The beauty industry calls argan oil ‘liquid gold’ because it is very good for skin and hair. In Morocco, a liter of argan oil costs around 30 to 50 dollars a liter. On the international market, it can cost up to 250 dollars a liter. A group of 130 women in Tiout Village make cooking oil, cosmetic oil, creams, and other products. The group started in 2002, and it was very good for women in the community . They got a salary and free kindergarten, they could bring their children to work, and they had reading and writing courses.	In the arid mountains of southern Morocco, local women harvest argan oil, a natural product that they´ve long used in cooking. However, argan oil is known as ‘liquid gold’, and it´s become highly prized by the global beauty industry as an anti-aging skin treatment and restorative for hair. Currently, there´s more demand for argan oil products at the international level, and there have been a lot of products available, such as cooking oil and cosmetic oil. There are also argan derivatives such as creams, shampoos and bath soaps. The oil costs around 30 to 50 dollars a liter locally; however, it can sell on the international market in smaller high-end bottles for up to 250 dollars a liter. Cooperative set up in 2002 employs around 130 women from the community of Tiout Village, offering them a salary, free childcare, health insurance, and literacy courses.
Japanese men catch a whale. It is 30 feet long (9 metres). It is their 6 th whale this season . They take it to the land. They cut it into small pieces. Children watch. They are from two elementary schools. The children then eat the whale. Some people are against whaling . Japan says that it is its tradition .	Japanese whalers caught their sixth whale this season. They carved the 30-foot-long (9 metres) whale was in front of children. The children were on a field trip. The whalers gave free samples of its meat. The event takes place every year in a town south of Tokyo. Some people are against whaling, but Japan says that it is an important tradition.	Japanese whalers went back to their centuries-old tradition of hunting whales on Thursday. Workers in a coastal town can be seen carving up one of the animals as a crowd of students stood around, with free samples of its fried meat handed out later. Children from two elementary schools on a field trip watched as workers from a whaling company butchered the whale. The annual event took place in the town of Wada, south of Tokyo, a week into Japan’s first coastal whaling season since a global court halted the country’s better-known Antarctic whaling in March. Though environmentalists condemn whaling, Japan maintains it is an important part of its food heritage . The 30-foot-long whale was the worker’s sixth catch this season and they plan to catch 24 more before whaling season ends in late August.
This happens in the Mediterranean Sea. A boat is sailing to Europe. There are 700 migrants on the boat. A rescue boat  approaches it. People start to move. The boat is not big enough for them. The boat turns over. It is a fishing boat. It can only hold 30 to 50 people, not 700 people. Twenty-five people die. Rescue people save 400 people.	Some fishing boats should only have 30 to 50 people on board, but there were 700 migrants on one fishing boat. The boat was on its way to Europe, but it capsized off the coast of Libya. It happened when a rescue boat approached – the people started moving and they capsized the boat. Rescuers saved around 400 people and recovered 25 bodies. The Mediterranean Sea is the world’s most deadly border area for migrants. So far, more than 2,000 migrants died this year.	A boat packed with up to 700 migrants has capsized in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya with dozens confirmed dead. So far, around 400 people have been rescued and 25 bodies have been recovered. Authorities said as many as 100 people may have been in the hull when the steel boat capsized as rescue ships approached it. Overloaded boats carrying migrants often turn over due to sudden movements by the desperate passengers when they spot rescuers arriving. The Mediterranean Sea has become the world’s most deadly border area for migrants – more than 2,000 migrants and refugees have died so far this year in attempts to reach Europe by boat. “It was a fishing boat. It was packed by survivors’ accounts , with about 600 people. These are boats that should only have about 30 or 40 or 50 on board, not 600, so obviously the people were stuffed down into the hull, shoulder to shoulder, feet to feet in every  nook and cranny , so much that when a rescue boat approached, people became anxious and excited and tipped the boat over so that it capsized, and according to people on the rescue boat, it sank within minutes. At least 400 have been rescued – unfortunately, 25 so far dead. The operation is continuing. It will continue through the night, recovering bodies and hopefullly finding more survivors.”
A shark washes up on a beach in Sydney, Australia. It is a young Great White Shark. People save it. They move it to a seawater swimming pool. People must not swim in the pool when the shark is there. However, many people come to have a look at the shark. The shark stays in the pool for a week. People study it. They want to know why it washed up shore. The shark could be injured or have an infection.	A young Great White Shark washed up on a beach in Sydney, Australia, on Tuesday. People rescued it and placed it in a public seawater swimming pool. The pool is closed for swimming while the shark is there, but many people came to see the animal. They will study it for about a week and then move it from the pool. People are trying to find out why the shark beached itself. A staff member from a sea life sanctuary said that the shark could be injured or have an infection.	A juvenile Great White Shark is recovering in a public seawater swimming pool after washing up on a beach in Sydney, Australia, on Tuesday. The pool remains closed for swimming, but people have come to see the endangered species. A staff member from Manly Sea Life Sanctuary said that it was hard to say why such a strong animal beached itself at the moment but added that there is usually some underlying issue, such as infection or injury. As other open ocean creatures, the Great White Shark struggles to navigate enclosed spaces. It will be, however, moved from the pool next Tuesday.
Hindus are religious people in India. They celebrate the Chhat Puja festival last week. The festival celebrates the sun god Lord Surya. Hindus bathe in the Yamuna River. Bathe means you clean yourself for a religious event. Sadly, the river is very dirty and dangerous. White foam is in the river. It is full of chemicals. The chemicals are bad for people’s skin and breathing. Some people say that they must bathe in the river. It is for the festival. The Yamuna River is about 1,400 kilometers long. It flows into the religious Ganges River. It is one of the dirtiest rivers in India. Its water is dark and thick. People dump chemicals and all waste in it. It is full of plastic.	Last week, Hindus in northern India celebrated the Chhat Puja festival, which was for the sun god Lord Surya. A few days before the festival, white foam covered the Yamuna River, where Hindus usually take a religious bath during the festival. Experts said that the water was toxic , and it contained dangerous chemicals. Farmers often use these chemicals, and they can make skin and breathing problems. Sadly, some people said that they had to bathe in the dangerous water because it was a part of the festival. The Yamuna River is one of the most polluted rivers near Delhi. For many years, people put toxic chemicals and sewage in its waters, and its sides were full of plastic trash.	Hindu devotees in northern India celebrated the Chhath Puja festival by religiously bathing in the Yamuna River despite the thick toxic foam sitting on the water in some places. On Wednesday, a layer of the toxic foam coated parts of the sacred river near India´s capital, as Hindus gathered at the river. The mixture of sewage and industrial waste formed over the last week, and the government sent 15 boats to remove the foam. However, Hindus walked through the foam to bathe and pray in the river, saying that they had no choice but to bathe in the polluted waters. The foam contained high levels of ammonia  and  phosphates that can result in breathing and skin problems. The Yamuna River, a tributary to the holy Ganges River, flows about 1,400 kilometers south from the Himalaya Mountains through several states. For decades, people have dumped toxic chemicals and untreated sewage into the water. The river is the most polluted in areas around Delhi, as it appears dark and thick, while plastic waste lines its sides.
Scientists find many old bones. These bones are from 15 people. They find them in a cave . This cave is in South Africa. The bones are 20,000 years old. They are the bones of “Homo Naledi”. Homo Naledi is a type of human. Homo Naledi lived a long time ago. It had a very small brain . However, these people had feet like us – they could walk like us. Scientists say that this is an important discovery .	Scientists discovered a new human-like species in South Africa. They found more than 1,500 fossils from about 15 people. These people are called “Homo Naledi”. The bones, which are at least 20,000 years old, can tell us a lot about the species. Homo Naledi was something between the modern human and an ape . These people’s brains were very small – as big as a gorilla’s brain. However, they had feet and ankles fit for walking upright. Scientists found the bodies in a cave. The scientists think that their family buried the bodies there.	Buried deep in a cave in South Africa, scientists have discovered a new human-like species . More than 1,500 fossils from about 15 people were found. They’re being called Homo Naledi – a new branch of hominids that could be very closely related to modern humans. Scientists claim that the discovery will change ideas about our human ancestors . The exact age of the bones isn’t known, but they’re estimated to be at least 20,000 years old. Measurements of the bones show that the creature had a curious blend of ancient ape and modern human-like features. Its brain is tiny , about the size of a gorilla’s, and had small teeth. The feet and ankles are built for walking upright, but its hands are curved, a feature seen in apes that spend time in trees. Homo Naledi is unlike any primitive human found in Africa. Scientists don’t know how the bodies ended up in such a remote part of the caves. One theory is they were deposited by relatives as part of an ancient burial rite .
Hello students, Do you want to learn English every day? We have a special book for you. The book is in three levels. You can learn English for your level. The name of the book is Robinson Crusoe. You can find the book at www.robinsoncrusoeinlevels.com . You can read one chapter every day. You can learn 1290 new words. You can learn grammar which is important for your level. We hope you will enjoy the book. News in Levels team	Hello students, Do you want to learn English effectively? We have a special book for you. The book is in three levels. You can learn English for your level when you read this book. Level 1 is in the present tense. Level 2 is in the past tense. Level 3 is in grammar which is important for intermediate students. The name of the book is Robinson Crusoe. You can find the book at www.robinsoncrusoeinlevels.com . You can read one chapter every day. You can learn 1530 new words. You can learn grammar important for your level. We hope you will enjoy the book. News in Levels team	Hello students, Do you want to learn English effectively? We have a special book for you. The book is written in three levels. You can learn English for your level when you read this book. Level 1 is written in the present tense. Level 2 is written in the past tense. Level 3 is written in grammar which is important for intermediate students. The name of the book is Robinson Crusoe. You can find the book at www.robinsoncrusoeinlevels.com . You can read one chapter every day. You can learn new words and grammar suitable for your level. With this book, you can learn English naturally by using the language. There are 1780 individual words in the book. We hope you will enjoy the book. News in Levels team
This news is about a snake. The snake lives in a zoo. It is the biggest snake in Europe. It is 23 feet long (7 metres). It weighs around 60 kilograms. The snake gets a check-up . A vet checks the snake’s heart. The doctor uses an ultrasound . Experts try similar tests on giraffes and sharks. However, snake hearts interest them more. A snake heart is different from a human heart.	A 23-foot python (7 metres) had her annual check-up. The snake is the biggest one in Europe. It weighs around 60 kilograms. Ten people from the zoo carried her to the vet and they checked her heart with ultrasound . Doctors can tell a lot about the health of the hearth like this. The experts tried similar tests on giraffes and sharks, but snake hearts interest them more. A snake’s heart has three chambers , not four like the human heart.	A 7-metre python from the Chester Zoo had to go to the doctor’s office to get an ultrasound heart scan. JF the python had her annual check-up with ten zoo staff who had to carry her to the vet. While the vet performed the scan, people covered her eyes to calm her down. The cardiac ultrasound will tell the zookeepers about the snake’s point of view and the health of the heart and the heart muscle. The cardio -experts tried this on giraffes and sharks, but snake hearts are interesting, as they have three chambers . Human hearts have four chambers.
Lucifer is a lion. He is eleven years old. He is 30-stones (190 kilograms) heavy. He lives in London, but he must move. He will have a new home. Vets must check Lucifer before he goes. They make him sleep. They check his stomach , chest, mouth and teeth. Lucifer’s babies stay in London. People can see the baby lions in 2016.	Lucifer is a 30-stone (190 kilograms) male Asian lion. He is eleven years old. He lives in a London zoo, but he is moving to a new home. Vets and zookeepers carried out a health check before they moved him. They anaesthetized the big cat and checked his stomach, chest and even his sharp teeth. His female cubs will stay in the zoo. Visitors will be able to see them in 2016.	Lucifer, a 30-stone (190 kilograms) male Asian lion, is surrounded by London Zoo’s team of vets and keepers. They carried out a health check ahead of moving him to a new home. After being anaesthetised , he was given a thorough examination while he lay in his enclosure . Vets checked his stomach, chest and even peered inside his mouth to check Lucifer’s razor sharp teeth. The 11 year-old lion is heading to another breeding group next week, as the Zoological Society of London launches its Lions 400 campaign. His female cubs will remain with the Zoo to begin a new breeding group, which visitors will be able to see when the new exhibit opens in 2016.
Here is news from Mexico. There is a volcano there. It erupts . Smoke comes out of it. This is the volcano’s 30th eruption . People live around the volcano. They are ready for evacuation . The volcano interests scientists. They often come out to the volcano.	A volcano on Mexico’s west coast erupted . The smoke reached to heights of up to 2,000 metres. The volcano has had 30 periods of eruption since 1585. This latest period should not be dangerous. However, the surrounding area is on yellow alert. That means that residents should be ready for possible evacuation. The volcano often attracts scientists because it is always rumbling .	New footage has captured the incredible moment a huge  ash cloud spewed from a volcano in Mexico. A giant plume of smoke can be seen rising from the Colima Volcano on Mexico’s west coast when it erupted on Sunday, reaching heights of up to 2,000 metres. The volcano, which is also known as Fire Volcano, often attracts scientists and geologists from across the world because of its constant  rumblings . It’s had more than 30 periods of eruption since 1585, and this latest spell is considered non- threatening . The volcano has been very active over the last few months and the surrounding area is on yellow alert which means that residents should be ready for a possible evacuation. The volcano is known as the most active in the Colima Volcanic Complex and also erupted in late January.
A flamingo lives at a zoo. This zoo is in Brazil. Something happens and the flamingo’s leg is broken. This is a problem. The leg can get  infected . It must be cut off. People cut off the leg, but they make the flamingo a new leg. It is 18 centimetres long. It is made from carbon fibre. Carbon fibre is a strong and light material. The flamingo is learning to walk again. It is getting better and better. It can put the leg under its body. Flamingos do this normally .	A flamingo at a Brazilian zoo broke its leg. Unfortunately, the bottom portion of the leg had to be amputated to stop it from getting infected. The bird was given a lightweight 18 centimetre prosthetic leg. It was made of carbon fibre, which is a strong and light material, with silicon ends. The flamingo still limps a little, but it is becoming more comfortable with its new body part. It can already put the leg under its body, which is a thing that flamingos often do.	A flamingo at a Brazilian zoo is learning to get around on a new prosthetic leg. The bird was given the specially made prosthesis after a fracture of the left leg. The bottom portion of the limb needed to be amputated to stop it getting infected. Although he still limps a little, the zookeepers say the Chilean flamingo is becoming more comfortable with the new body part. In fact, he’s already mastered the curious flamingo speciality of standing on one foot while tucking the prosthetic leg up tight under his body. Once the bird has mastered walking properly, he will be reintroduced to his group on the zoo grounds. The lightweight 18 centimetre prosthesis is made of carbon fibre with silicon ends where the prosthetic is attached to the remaining part of the bird’s leg. The leg was made by a local orthopaedics office located just west of the city of Sao Paulo.
The selfie stick is popular. You can take pictures with it. You can also protect yourself with it. A combat sports centre in Moscow can teach you! Sometimes, there is nothing better than your selfie stick. It can serve you well in a difficult situation.	The selfie stick is a popular tool for taking pictures, but people can also use it as a method of self-defence. A combat sports centre in Moscow teaches people how to protect themselves with a selfie stick. Not everybody is strong enough to fight, and there isn’t always another tool to use besides a selfie stick. The organisers say that the method can be handy for Russian tourists who are travelling abroad.	A combat sports centre in Moscow, Russia, invited those feeling vulnerable to learn some new selfie stick defence techniques. As the trainer pointed out, you do not always have a tool at hand, and not everyone can use force in martial arts. Moreover, he thinks that the tool people normally use for taking pictures is very effective. One customer said that she decided to come to the combat class because it was very exciting and because she thinks that it is necessary to know how to protect yourself in a difficult situation.
The US state of New York is banning plastic bags. The ban is going to start next March. However, not all plastic bags are going to be banned. For example, people are going to be able to buy plastic bags for clothes, newspapers, and take-out food. Right now, in the USA, there are only two states with a ban on plastic bags. They are California and Hawaii.	Lawmakers of the New York state are banning plastics bags. They say that the ban will go into effect of March next year. Plastic bags are going to be banned from retailers , but there will be some exceptions . For example, you will still be able to get a plastic bag for food take-out, newspapers, clothes, and big plastic trash bags. Right now, California and Hawaii are the only American states with a ban on plastic bags.	Last Friday, New York state lawmakers agreed to impose a ban on most kinds of plastic bags from retailers . The ban will go into effect in March of next year. However, you could still get a plastic bag for food take-out, newspapers, clothes, and big plastic trash bags. Right now, California and Hawaii are the only American states with a ban on plastic bags.
The World Economic Forum brings together 2,500 people. They are top business leaders, political leaders, economists, celebrities and journalists. They discuss world problems for four days. The WEF happens in Switzerland every year. Sir David Attenborough is an English broadcaster . He is also a natural historian . He talks at the WEF. He says that climate change is a big problem. He says that people must deal with this problem. If we do not, the future can be terrible.	The World Economic Forum brings together some 2,500 top business leaders, international political leaders, economists, celebrities and journalists. For up to four days, they discuss world problems, and the WEF happens in Switzerland every year. Sir David Attenborough, an English broadcaster and natural historian, urged the powerful people to act on climate change. He said that if we do not sort this out in 10 years, we are dooming our children and our grandchildren to a terrible future. He said that we have to think about difficult and painful things because if we do not, there is only going to be more difficulty and more pain.	The World Economic Forum brings together some 2,500 top business leaders, international political leaders, economists, celebrities and journalists for up to four days to discuss the most pressing issues facing the world. It happens in Switzerland annually. Sir David Attenborough, an English broadcaster and natural historian, urged those in power to act on climate change before it is too late. He said that a lot of people realised the enormity of the problem only just now, but if we do not sort ourselves out within the next ten years, we are dooming our children and our grandchildren to a terrible future. He said that we have to think about difficult and painful things because if we do not, there is only going to be a bigger difficulty and bigger pain.
Here is news from China. A man watches people who travel. These people have heavy luggage . It is difficult to move their luggage. The man has an idea. He makes a special suitcase . You can ride this suitcase. Its maximum speed is 20 kilometres per hour (12 miles per hour). Its battery lasts six hours. It has a GPS system, too! The man is happy about his suitcase. He thinks that people will buy it. He says that it will be cheap and easy to carry. It will not make the air dirty like cars do.	A Chinese man came up with an interesting invention . He created a motorised suitcase which can go up to 20 kilometres per hour (12 miles per hour) and has a battery life of 6 hours. It can be simply plugged into the wall to charge. It even has a GPS system. The inventor thinks that this suitcase will be a hit. He says that it will be sold at a low price, won’t cause any pollution and it will be easy to carry. The inventor said that he got the idea for the suitcase when he watched tired travellers with their heavy luggage.	Don’t you get sick and tired of dragging your suitcase around the airport? Well, this ingenious invention has your problems solved and a few heads turning as well. This motorised, drivable suitcase has come from the brilliant mind of farmer-turned-inventor He Liang-Ky from China. The three wheeled suitcase can reach up to 20 kilometres per hour (12 miles per hour) and has a battery life of 6 hours, and it can be simply plugged into the wall to charge. The speedy luggage is even fitted with a GPS system, horn and burglar alarm. The inventor is certain this brisk baggage will be a hit. “I’m quite positive about the invention’s future development. Why? First, it’s easy to carry. Secondly, it will be sold at a low price. Thirdly, it will solve some problems that our country is facing, such as heavy traffic, parking problems, and finally, I think it won’t cause any environmental pollution nor noise pollution.” He said inspiration for his idea came when watching tired travellers struggle to carry their heavy luggage. Taking his invention to the streets, he was happy with the public response. “The future prospects of this thing will be very good. The thing is really practical for people both traveling and working. It’s both a piece of luggage as well as a tool for transportation. You can use it frequently when leaving work.” The suitcase scooter will hopefully be selling for between 4,000 and 30,000 Chinese Yuan (644 to 4,830 US Dollars). But you’ll have to catch them first!
This week, NASA and the company SpaceX are sending a rocket to space. It is an important moment for NASA. The last NASA´s space flight with astronauts is in 2011. The rocket belongs to SpaceX. It is the first private rocket that goes to space. SpaceX wants to test the rocket. SpaceX wants to send more rockets to space this year. The rockets must be safe. Two US astronauts travel in the rocket. They check the rocket´s systems. They connect with the International Space Station. They stay on the International Space Station. They can stay for four months. Then, they return to Earth.	NASA and the company SpaceX are sending astronauts to space. It is an important moment for NASA because the last time that NASA sent astronauts to space was in 2011. It is the first time that a company is sending its own rocket to space, and it is a start of commercial flights to space. NASA astronauts, Doug Hurley and Bob Behnken, are the first US astronauts who are going to space in a private rocket. When they get to space, they must check all the rocket´s systems. Then, they can connect with the International Space Station, ISS. They will become members of the ISS crew , and they will stay on the ISS for a few months. SpaceX wants to test if the rocket is safe to take people to space and back. The company is planning more space missions this year.	For the first time in almost a decade, astronauts are going to space on a US rocket. NASA and the company SpaceX are taking the company´s module to the International Space Station, ISS. NASA astronauts, Doug Hurley and Bob Behnken, are the first US astronauts to go to space in a private US company´s rocket. This is a major step in NASA´s partnership with private companies, and it is the start of commercial space flights. When the spacecraft is in orbit , the astronauts will test its control system, the displays and manipulation , and then, it will attach to the ISS. The astronauts will become members of the ISS crew, and their stay is expected to last from one to four months. When it is time to return to Earth, the module will parachute down into the Atlantic Ocean.
Two tourists are on holiday in Thailand. They are from Great Britain. People find their bodies on a beach. There is a hoe nearby. Blood covers it. Experts study the bodies. Then they will return them to their families. Police show a video of a man. He is the suspect in the murder . Detectives question three men.	Two tourists from Britain were on holiday in Thailand. People discovered their bodies semi -naked on a beach. Nearby, there was a hoe that was covered in blood. Experts will analyse their bodies and then return them to their families. Police released a security camera video of a man. He is the suspect in the murder of the two people. Detectives now question three migrant workers from Burma.	Thai police has released CCTV footage of a man they describe as the prime suspect in the murder of two young British tourists on the popular island resort of Koh Tao. This short moment caught on camera appears to show an Asian man running down an empty street at 3:44 am. Around an hour later the man reappeared at a much slower pace . Detectives are now questioning three migrant workers from Burma over the killing of 24-year-old David Miller and 23-year-old Hannah Witheridge, who were both discovered semi -naked on a beach yesterday having suffered serious injuries. The couple had met for the first time on the island and a bloodstained  hoe , believed to be the murder weapon, was found nearby. Their bodies have now been taken to the capital, Bangkok, for forensic analysis and are expected to be returned to their families soon after that.
People organise a race in Thailand. It is a race for groups of two people. The couples wear funny clothing. They have beds. They decorate the beds. The couples push the beds for two kilometres. Many people watch the race. It is great fun. People from different countries come to the race. The race brings all of these people together.	Hundreds of people took part in an international bed race in Thailand. People organise the race every year, and the teams come from every corner of the world. The teams of two wear costumes and push their decorated beds for two kilometres. Excited spectators watch the show. But the event is more than just having fun. Organisers say that it also helps to bring people of different groups together.	Hundreds of people in Thailand have gathered to take part in the annual Pattaya International Bed Race. Ex-pats line shoulder-to-shoulder with locals for the competition, which involves parading a decorated bed and costumes through the city. Teams for the race are in pairs with both parties pushing a decorated bed for two kilometres, and the spectators loved it. “How would I describe it? Great and ting tong . Fun. Good fun but crazy. Never seen it before. Only in Thailand, yeah?” The race is now in its seventh year and it’s not just for fun – organisers also say it helps gather diverse groups of people together. “Well, as you know, Pattaya is a multinational, multicultural city, and we have actually teams from every corner of the world – Russia, France, England, Scandinavia and of course Thailand!” But instead of a good kip after the race, most competitors went to celebrate in local bars.
Every year, thousands of runners look forward to the New York City Marathon . It is the biggest marathon in the world. Last year, more than 53,000 people take part. However, this year, many runners are sad. Organizers cancel the New York City Marathon. Organizers say the race is not safe. Problems with the coronavirus continue in the US. Too many people can be in one place. Runners will get their money back. It is also possible to use the money for one of the next marathons. People can take part in a special virtual race this fall. The date of the next New York Marathon is November 7, 2021.	Organizers of the New York City Marathon decided to cancel this year´s event. The New York City Marathon is the largest marathon in the world, and many people prepare for this event all year. The marathon usually takes place in November; however, this year, there will only be a virtual race. All marathon runners, who have registered , will get their money back, or they will get a free entry to one of the next marathons. Last year, more than 53,000 runners crossed the finish line . Organizers said that the number of people was too big, and the risk of spreading the coronavirus was too high. Organizers spoke with the mayor of New York, who was happy about their decision.	Tens of thousands of runners may be disappointed this fall, because the New York City Marathon has been canceled. Organizers announced their decision to cancel the marathon that was scheduled for November 1, due to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. Organizers decided that the race would pose too big a risk to all people involved, considering the fact that last year´s marathon saw over 53,000 runners cross the finish line. The New York City Marathon is the largest 26.2-mile race in the world, and it is an iconic and beloved event for many people. All runners will be offered a refund of their entry fee or free entry to one of the next three marathons. Next year´s marathon is scheduled for November 7, and all runners can participate in a virtual race that will take place in the fall this year.
Hambantota is a port  city . It is in Sri Lanka. There are hundreds of elephants there. They walk around freely. A baby elephant walks near the main road. It falls into a drain . People find the elephant. They take it out. The elephant has a broken leg. They take it to a doctor.	Hambantota is a port city in Sri Lanka. It is known for hundreds of wild elephants that walk around freely. A baby elephant was walking near the main road when it fell into a drain . Local port workers and wildlife officials saved the elephant. They took it to a doctor and now they are treating it  for a broken leg.	The port city of Hambantota in Sri Lanka is known for hundreds of wild elephants that roam freely around. One young calf found itself in a sticky situation after it was stuck in a drain . Luckily, local port workers and wildlife officials managed to get it out. Doctors later treated the baby elephant for what they thought was a broken leg.
Virgin Galactic is a company . It wants to take people to space for money. The company has a new spaceship . It shows it to people for the first time. A baby girl christens the spaceship. She is the granddaughter of the company’s boss. The spaceship is for six passengers and two pilots. It can go up to 100 kilometres. At 100 kilometres above the ground, you are in space. You can watch the earth from there. You cannot go to space now. You must wait. Virgin Galactic must test the spaceship. 700 people already want to go. One ticket costs $250,000.	Virgin Galactic is one of many companies which is trying to commercialize quick trips to space. The boss of Virgin Galactic recently unveiled its new spaceship. The boss’s baby granddaughter even christened the spaceship with a bottle of milk. The spaceship is for six passengers and two pilots, and people designed it to reach 100 kilometres. From there, passengers will be able to see Earth against the blackness of space. One space ticket will cost $250,000, but 700 people are already interested in going up.	The shiny new Virgin Galactic has been unveiled . Standing tall and proud, the gleaming aircraft marked Virgin’s CEO ‘s Richard Branson’s return to the space race. Virgin Galactic is one of many companies competing to commercialize quick trips to space. “Everyone’s worked so hard to build this spaceship and we’re really proud of the team. I mean, it’s… And my God, isn’t it beautiful?” And to add a sentimental  twist to the aircraft’s unveiling, the vessel was christened with a bottle of milk by Branson’s baby granddaughter. The two-pilot, six-passenger spaceship is designed to reach altitudes of 62 miles (100 kilometres), which will give its passengers a unique view of Earth set against the blackness of space. And 700 people have already signed up to this out-of-this-world experience, forking  out an impressive $250,000 for the pleasure. How long til we can hop over to outer space? “The safety experts will tell me when, when they feel it’s a hundred per cent safe for us to fly, and then for people to fly and I will try to resist the urge to say, “I want to go to space!” By the sounds of it, the prospect of popping over to space isn’t too far off!
Tokyo 2020 The Olympics are starting in three weeks. The coronavirus is still in many countries. Olympic athletes have problems. They cannot get to Tokyo. Some countries have strict rules . People cannot travel there. For example, Singapore is a very big city. A big airport is there. Many people from Europe travel to Asia through Singapore. Now, people cannot travel through Singapore. All athletes must have a vaccination . Some athletes get the coronavirus. They do not know if they can go to Tokyo. Also, athletes usually train in the city where the Olympics are. It is not possible this year. It is very difficult to travel.	The Tokyo 2020 The Olympics are starting in less than three weeks, and athletes are having problems to get to the city. Normally, it would not be a problem to get 11,000 athletes from more than 200 countries to Tokyo. In many countries, COVID-19 cases are rising again, and some cities do not let people travel through. All athletes must be fully vaccinated, but some athletes already tested positive for COVID-19. Now, it is not clear if they will go to Tokyo or not. Some athletes are not happy because they could not train in Tokyo, which is something that athletes usually do. They usually train in the city of the Olympics. They also had problems to get to the qualifying events because it was not possible to travel from one country to another.	With three weeks to go until the Tokyo 2020 Olympics, getting athletes to Japan seems like a logistical nightmare with rising COVID-19 infections. Ensuring 11,000 athletes from more than 200 countries descend on one chosen city over the course of 16 days is normally a logistical challenge . For example, under normal circumstances, the Sri Lankan team would take a flight to Singapore and from there onto Tokyo. However, with COVID-19 cases still at almost 2,000 a day, Sri Lanka´s on many countries´ banned lists, and Singapore doesn´t allow anyone with recent travel history to even move through the city. Although most athletes have been fully vaccinated, there have already been some upsets when two members of Uganda´s Olympic team tested positive in Japan last month. Another logistics problem during the pandemic has been that many athletes haven´t been able to train in the locations that they normally would. Difficulty with international travel has also made getting to the necessary qualifying events extremely tricky.
More than 3,700 people in Samoa have measles. It is an infectious  disease that is usual for children. They get a fever and a rash on their skin. It is also a dangerous disease, more than 50 people die from it in Samoa already. The situation is Samoa is serious. Officials close schools and other public places. People need a vaccination which helps to stop the disease. However, some people are afraid of a vaccination. In the past, some children die after a vaccination. Currently, 25 percent of people in Samoa get a vaccination, however this is not enough. Officials must vaccinate 95 percent of the population, if they want to stop the disease.	In Samoa, there are 3,700 cases of measles . 53 people died already and most of them were children. Officials declared a state of emergency and they closed most public places, including schools. State employees helped with vaccination , but it was a difficult task. In 2018, two children died after a measles vaccination and some people are scared of the vaccination now. More than 25 percent of Samoa´s population got the vaccination already, but it is not enough. The World Health Organization says that 95 percent of a country´s population must get a vaccination to stop a disease.	More than 3,700 cases of measles are reported in Samoa, according to government data released on Monday. So far, 53 people have died, and majority were children under the age of five. Samoa declared a state of emergency because of the outbreak and almost all of Samoa´s government and public services will be closed on Thursday and Friday so that employees can help with vaccination. More than one quarter of Samoa´s population has been vaccinated, but it is a challenging task to increase vaccination rates. The World Health Organization says that 95 percent of a country´s population needs to be vaccinated against measles to prevent outbreaks. However, some people in Samoa are fearful about the safety of the vaccine after two Samoan children died in 2018 when their vaccinations were incorrectly mixed.
Some people have a barbecue . Something happens, and the barbecue sets a forest on fire. More than 2,000 hectares burn. People evacuate around 100 homes. Fire services work to stop the fires. The army and private companies help, too. Thanks to the fire services, no houses burn down. However, people worry about their houses. Many of their houses are wood.	A forest fire swept through two regions in Chile. The fires began last Saturday, and more than 2,000 hectares burned since then. People evacuated around 100 homes. Chile’s National Forest Corporation is working with the army and private companies to control the fires. It is not known for sure, but some people say that a domestic barbecue started these fires. Thanks to the fire services, no houses burned down, but people still worried. Many houses there are made completely out of wood.	Around 100 homes have been evacuated after devastating forest fires swept through two regions in Chile. Valparaiso and Provincia de Arauco regions are under red alert, as more than 2,000 hectares of land have been burnt since the fires began on Saturday. Helicopters and rescue services from the National Forest Corporation have been working with the army and private companies to control the huge blaze which is making its way towards the main roads and affecting traffic on a nearby highway. The fire services commander said that without their contingency plan they wouldn’t have been able to prevent the houses from burning down. This local resident said she was worried about her house going up in flames as many of them are made entirely out of wood. It’s not yet known how the fires began, but it’s been reported that they may have been started by a domestic barbecue .
Ivanka Trump is the daughter of the American President Donald Trump. She opens a new American embassy . It is in Jerusalem, Israel. Israelis support the new embassy. Palestinians, however, start fighting. The fights are along the Gaza border . At least 58 Palestinians die. Thousands are injured. This is a very deadly day.	Ivanka Trump is the daughter of the American President Donald Trump. She officially opened the new US embassy in the Israeli capital of Jerusalem. Israelis support the new embassy, and some even put up banners saying ’God Bless President Donald Trump’. However, because of the opening, Palestinians along the Gaza border started fighting. At least 58 Palestinians died and thousands were injured. This was the deadliest day since the 2014 Gaza war.	The daughter of the American President Donald Trump, Ivanka Trump, officially opened the new US embassy in the Israeli capital of Jerusalem. While Israelis supported the move, and some of them put up banners like ’God Bless President Donald Trump’, there were violent clashes with Palestinians along the Gaza border. At least 58 Palestinians died and thousands were injured during the ceremony, making it the deadliest and most violent day since the 2014 Gaza war.
French President Macron has a dog. His name is Nemo. Nemo can come into meetings in the palace. This is not always a good idea! One day, the president has a meeting. The dog pees on an old fireplace during the meeting! The president and staff laugh a lot. One man asks if this happens often. The president says ‘no’. He jokes that the people make his dog act unusually . Maybe President Macron knows where the government  leaks are coming from now!	French President Macron has a dog named Nemo who is allowed to come into meetings at the Elysée Palace. This, however, is not always a good idea! During one meeting, Nemo relieved himself on an old fireplace! The president and staff laughed a lot in response. One staff member asked if this happens often, to which the president responded ‘no’ and added that perhaps the staff members made Nemo act unusually. Maybe President Macron knows where the governments leaks are coming from now!	French President Macron allows his dog Nemo to come into meetings at the Elysée Palace, but this is not always a great idea! During one meeting, Nemo relieved himself on an antique fireplace, causing the president and staff members much hilarity . One staff member asked if Nemo does this a lot, to which the president responded ‘no’ and added that perhaps the staff members were making his dog behave unusually. Maybe President Macron knows where those government leaks are coming from now!
A big baby is born . She is a girl. She is born in Massachusetts, USA. She is 14.5 pounds (6.6 kilograms) heavy. She is 22 inches (56 centimetres) long. The girl is born by caesarean . She is the hospital’s second biggest baby. The parents were ready for her. They have an older daughter. She was a big baby, too.	A hospital in Massachusetts welcomed a big baby. The girl weighed 14 and a half pounds (6.6 kilograms) and she was 22 inches long (56 centimetres). She was the second biggest baby the staff ever delivered . They delivered her via c-section . Her parents were prepared for her birth because her older sister was also a big baby.	This little baby is definitely getting more attention than most newborns! A hospital in Massachusetts welcomed Carisa Ruscak on April 22 nd – the second biggest baby staff has ever delivered . The little girl weighed in at 14 and a half pounds and 22 inches long to parents Caroline and Bryan. Carisa was delivered via c-section and is said to be the largest little one delivered at the hospital in more than a decade. Carisa’s parents said they were prepared for her birth, as her older sister was also a big baby, weighing 10 and a half pounds. Now that’s what you call hard  labour !
It rains heavily in Bolivia. This causes a mudslide . People film it. It destroys trees and cars. People run away from it. Nobody dies.	Heavy rain caused a mudslide in Bolivia. Someone filmed it at a place known as El Choro. The mudslide wiped out trees and buried cars, but nobody died. People ran away from it.	Heavy rain caused a mudslide in a spot known as El Choro in Bolivia. The potentially deadly mudslide wreaked havoc , forcing people to run to safety. It wiped out trees and buried cars, but there were no reported casualties .
This news is about Ukraine. There is war there. The war starts in 2014. The Ukrainian government fights Ukrainian rebels. The rebels are pro-Russia. The Western media says that Russia helps the rebels. The fighting stops for some time. Now, the fighting continues . One soldier dies. Nine people are injured. The situation is the worst in Avdiivka. It is a town. Ukraine says that it is preparing an evacuation .	The conflict in eastern Ukraine started in 2014. Nearly 10,000 people have died since then. The fighting stopped for some time, but it continued last weekend. At least one soldier died and 9 were injured. The situation is the worst in the town of Avdiivka. Ukraine says that it is preparing a possible evacuation. The conflict is between the Ukrainian government and pro-Russian rebels. According to Western media, Russia backs the rebels.	Heavy fighting between government troops and pro-Russian rebels, which are according to the Western media to be backed by Russia, continues in Ukraine. At least one soldier has died and 9 were injured in the east of the country. The UN Security Council condemned the use of weapons prohibited by the Minsk Agreements and called for an immediate return to the ceasefire  regime . Nearly 10,000 people have died in the conflict, which erupted in 2014. To avoid a humanitarian crisis, Ukraine says that it is preparing a possible evacuation of the town of Avdiivka where the majority of the violence is happening.
This news is about a girl. She is three years old. She is from Britain. She has a rare illness . She cannot love or be loved. If you show her love, she gets aggressive . She can even attack you. For example, her mother cannot kiss her. However, they show love in a special way. The mother is happy for every day with her daughter. Around 130 people in the UK have this illness. Only 1,500 people in the world have it.	A three-year-old girl from the UK has a rare genetic disorder . This disorder means that she cannot speak or accept love. She responds to love with aggression. If her mother asked her for a kiss, she probably would bite her. However, the girl’s mother says that every day with her daughter is a gift. The two of them learned to show love in their own special way, but the mother would like to get more help from medical experts. Doctors diagnosed the girl with the syndrome at 14 months. She also has a high pain threshold which means that she will often hurt herself without feeling it. Around 130 people in the UK have the syndrome and only 1,500 people have it worldwide.	To her mum, Melody Cook is a very special little girl, but a rare genetic disorder means the three-year-old can’t speak or accept love, responding only to affection with aggression. “If I wanted to give Melody a cuddle she’d clout me. I know that full well, if I ask Melody for a kiss, she’d probably bite me. She was aggressive with me constantly , I had to have my eyes checked, she scratched my eyeball.” Diagnosed with Phelan-McDermid Syndrome at fourteen months, Melody has a high pain  threshold and will often hurt herself without feeling it. She was born without the chromosome 22. Phelan-McDermid Syndrome affects around 130 people in the UK and only 1,500 worldwide. It impacts speech, mobility and cognitive development . “There’s a lot of research linked with autism that’s going on in in the UK and overseas in the US.” Although trapped in her little body, Melody does show moments of warmth. “She came over and she sat next to me and I just thought, ‘Have I done something, why do I deserve this?’ and she passed me a paper and a pen to draw hrt a picture, it was brilliant, it was the best thing, the best affection I’ve ever had from her.” Rebecca says every day spent with her daughter is a gift and they’ve learned how to show love in their own special way. Rebecca’s sharing her story to raise awareness, but she’s also appealing for help from medical experts, so she can understand more about this rare disease.
Joe DiMeo is 22 years old. He comes from New Jersey, US. He has a car crash in 2018. The car crash is very bad. Fire burns 80% of Joe´s body. Fire burns Joe´s lips and eyelids . Joe does not have fingers. The man is in a coma for more than three months. When somebody is in a coma, it seems that he is sleeping. It takes a long time to wake up. When Joe wakes up from the coma, he starts to exercise a little. Doctors transplant Joe´s face and hands. It means that they give him a face and hands that belong to somebody else. The surgery lasts 23 hours. It is the first successful surgery in the world. Joe is happy. He says that there is always a reason to be happy.	In 2018, a 22-year-old named Joe DiMeo from New Jersey, US, had a serious car crash. Joe suffered burns on more than 80% of his body. His lips and eyelids were burned, and doctors had to amputate his fingers. Joe spent more than three months in a coma . When he woke up, he started to exercise a little. Joe underwent a surgery during which doctors transplanted his face and hands. Both body parts came from the same person, and it was the first such surgery in the world which was successful. It took place in New York and a team of 140 people worked for 23 hours. After the surgery, Joe said that there was always a reason to be happy.	A 22-year-old man from New Jersey, US, has undergone the world´s first face and double hand transplant. In 2018, Joe DiMeo was severely burned in a horrific car crash, suffering burns on over 80%    of his body. He had extensive injuries, including amputated fingertips, facial scarring, and no lips and eyelids. He was in a coma for three and a half months, and then he spent a month waking up and trying to exercise a little. The reconstructive plastic surgery was carried out by a team of 140 staff at a hospital in New York, and it took 23 hours. It included transplanting both hands and the full face of a single donor simultaneously and it marked the first successful combination transplant case of its kind. After the surgery, DiMeo said that there were always a thousand ways to be sad about something, but there were always a million ways to be happy.
Qingdao City is in the east of China. People there buy beer in plastic bags. It is a local custom . Almost every street shop sells beer like this. People drink the beer from the bag with a straw . You can also make a hole in the bag and use a glass.	People in Qingdao City in the east of China buy beer in plastic bags, as it is a local custom . Almost every street shop has a beer barrel and sterilised plastic bags. You can drink the beer from the bag with a straw or make a hole and pour the beer into a glass. The beer does not contain much alcohol at only 3.5%, and it is quite cheap, too. One pint of the beer costs 1.5 Chinese yuan, which is around 24 cents. People do not sell it by the pint, however, as they weigh it instead.	Buying beer in plastic bags is a local custom in east China’s Qingdao City where almost every streets shop is equipped with Tsingdao beer barrels and sterilised plastic bags. The 3.5% fresh beer is sold by the pound and weighted to prevent gaseous volume manipulation . One pint of the beer costs 1.5 Chinese yuan which corresponds to approximately 24 cents. The custom is hardly to die out in the city where people drink it straight from the bag with a straw or pour it into a glass from a hole in the bag.
This happens near Frankfurt. Frankfurt is in Germany. A man comes to a cinema. He has a gun and a mask . He takes hostages . Police come to the cinema. They shoot the man. He dies. We do not know his name. We do not know his motive . The other people are fine.	A masked man took hostages at a cinema south of Frankfurt in Germany. He was holding a gun, probably a rifle . A meeting between the police and the perpetrator happened in the cinema. The police shot the man and he later died. He was the only one who died that day. His identity and motive of the attack are not known.	The aftermath of a hostage situation in Germany: armed police patrol the area while emergency medics stand down. Today could have been much worse. Earlier, a masked man took hostages at a cinema south of Frankfurt, holding what’s thought to have been a rifle , but the situation was short-lived. “It came to a meeting between police and the perpetrator in the cinema. The operational forces made use of firearms, the perpetrator was injured and succumbed  to his injuries.” There was only one casualty of today’s attack – the gunman himself. His identity, or indeed motive for the attack, is not yet known. “There were hostages or hostage-taking you can call it. The hostage-taking of course called for the challenging of the perpetrator, to constrain the person somehow. It’s not to my knowledge right now, if that actually took place or if the people were only held in the building by the perpetrator. I cannot say anything about the hostage-taking right now or the direct impact of the perpetrator or police injuries – I am aware of nothing.”
This news is about a hurricane. People give it a name. They call it “Patricia”. The hurricane is very strong. Its winds  blow at 241 kilometres per hour. The latest location of the hurricane is 362 kilometres from Mexico. People in Mexico are getting ready for the hurricane.	Hurricane Patricia is expected to be the strongest hurricane recorded in the western hemisphere . The maximum winds of the hurricane reached speeds of about 241 kilometres per hour. The latest location of the hurricane was 362 kilometres from Mexico. Mexican and American officials are telling people in parts of Mexico to prepare for the hurricane.	Despite the idyllic scenery, there’s a hurricane on the way, and it’s expected to be the strongest hurricane recorded in the western hemisphere. “Potentially catastrophic”, is how Hurricane Patricia is being described. The storm became a hurricane overnight, and had maximum sustained winds of about 150 miles per hour (241 kilometres per hour). Mexico’s national water commission reported it has strengthened to a Category 5 storm. Patricia was last located about 225 miles (362 kilometres) south of the port of Manzanillo, where a hurricane warning has been issued . A Miami-based hurricane centre said the storm could gain more strength before making landfall this evening. Mexican officials and the United States government are urging people to stay away from beaches, rough seas and to take shelter. Mexican emergency services have begun to prepare shelters and warned people in the states of Colima, Jalisco and Michoacan to get ready for torrential rainfalls.
A competition takes place in England. This competition is over 100 years old. It is quite popular. People throw black puddings at this competition. They try to hit a target. Black pudding is from Scotland. It is made of pig’s blood and fat. Not everybody likes it. Some people hate it. The winner is a 63 year-old man. He is happy to win.	The World Black Pudding Throwing Championship took place last Sunday in England. The contest is more than 100 years old and it is still quite popular. Black pudding is a made of pig’s blood, fat and some intestines . One man at the event said that it is disgusting , and that the best thing to do with it, is to throw it away. And that’s exactly what they did! The competitors had to stand on a golden grid block and try to hit the target. The winner was a 63 year-old man.	The World Black Pudding Throwing Championships took over a street in Lancashire on Sunday as competitors showed off their skills. Yes, that’s right, a bunch of people gathered together in a small English village to throw a pudding made up of congealed pig’s blood, fat and some intestines . Lovely ! “Black puddings, absolutely disgusting I wouldn’t have one out of choice. The best thing you can do with one is throw it away .” And that’s exactly what they did. In order to take part competitors must stand on a golden grid block and hurl the black pudding into the air with the hope of knocking as many Yorkshire puddings off a pedestal as possible. Surprisingly, it’s quite a popular contest and has been running for over 100 years, and this year’s winner is pretty thrilled about it. “I can’t believe it. I’m 63 years old and I must be one of the oldest World Champions about, so I just can’t believe it.” But who knows what could happen to the future of the competition. Black puddings are traditionally a Scottish dish and the country is voting on a referendum for independence in the next few days.
This news is about a girl. She is from England. She wants to be an organ donor . If she dies, her organs are donated to people who need them. She is healthy. She suddenly dies. Her parents are in a difficult situation. They do not want to donate her organs. However, they respect her wishes. They donate her organs in the end. The girl’s organs help eight people. Five of them are children. A part of her liver goes to a boy. He is just five years old. He lives because of the girl’s donation.	Back in 2012, a 13-year-old girl from England decided to become an organ donor in case of her death. She was perfectly healthy, but she suddenly died just weeks after her decision . It was very hard for her parents to respect her wish. The thought of donating their little girl’s organs made them feel ill. However, they did respect her decision. Her organs (the heart, pancreas, lungs, kidneys, small bowel and liver) were donated to a record eight people. Five children were among them. A five-year-old boy received part of her liver, and he lives because of her brave decision.	Thirteen-year-old Jemima Layzell from England decided to become an organ donor in case of her death. She told her mother, not ever thinking it was going to happen. In 2012, only weeks later after her decision, Jemima suddenly died from a brain aneurysm . Respecting their daughter’s wish was very difficult for her parents. They admitted the thought of donating Jemima’s organs made them feel quite ill, calling the donation ‘ incredibly  invasive ’. Despite their reluctance , they respected her wish. Her organs (the heart, pancreas, lungs, kidneys, small bowel and liver) were donated to a record eight people, including five children. A five-year-old boy received part of Jemima’s liver, which saved his life. His mother plans to meet the brave girl’s parents to thank them in person.
Here is some news from Vietnam. People play badminton at the Badminton Open. It takes place at a stadium. There are fans at the stadium. They see that there is something wrong with the roof . They tell the players. The players leave the courts . The roof falls down. Luckily, everyone is already gone. Everyone is fine. The stadium is closed. People repair it.	Players and fans at the Vietnam Badminton Open had a narrow escape after the roof of the sports centre collapsed . It fell on one of the courts . Luckily, the players were not at the courts when the roof fell. Fans alerted them to the danger. Nobody was injured. People closed the sports center for repairs and now they investigate the incident.	Players and fans had a narrow escape at the Vietnam Grand Prix Badminton Open on Tuesday, after the roof of the sports centre, where the competition was being held, collapsed. Luckily, the players who would have been competing under the collapsed area were alerted to the impending danger by spectators and left the arena in time to escape injury. According to reports, no one was injured. Onlookers watched in shock as the ceiling collapsed bringing down ceiling panels, a steel frame, electrical wires and air conditioning vents . The organisers later decided to change the venue , and the Phan Dinh Phung Sports Complex was closed for repairs. The incident is now being investigated.
The West attacked Iraq. The West said that Iraq had  weapons of mass destruction . However, this was not true. The West was wrong. It was a mistake. Tony Blair was the Prime Minister of Britain when this happened. CNN interviews him. CNN is a Western TV channel. Blair talks about the Iraq war. He talks about the mistakes in the war. Blair says that he is sorry.	Tony Blair admitted that the 2003 Iraq invasion played a role in the rise of the Islamic State. In an interview with CNN, he also apologised for mistakes made in the war. The excuse for the Iraq invasion was that there was information that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. Blair said that the information was false, and he expressed his regret . There is an investigation about the Iraq war. Soon, people will publish the results.	Tony Blair has acknowledged that the 2003 Iraq invasion played a role in the rise of the Islamic State militant group. In an interview with CNN, the former prime minister also apologised for mistakes made in respect to the war. Mr Blair expressed regret over false intelligence suggesting the country had weapons of mass destruction, which was used as a justification for the action. He also admitted that those who removed Saddam Hussein, do bear some responsibility for the current situation in Iraq. But he said it was hard to apologise for removing the former leader as the country may have degenerated into civil war, much like Syria. Critics say the US decision to disband Saddam Hussein’s army after the invasion created a huge security vacuum exploited by al Qaeda, eventually replaced by Islamic State. Mr Blair’s comments come shortly before Sir John Chilcot is set to announce a timetable for completion of an investigation into the war. The six-year public inquiry into the conflict is yet to publish its findings. Family members of soldiers killed in the Iraq war have threatened legal action if it is not released soon.
This news is about an old woman. She is 100 years old. She loves to do dangerous things. She skydives , for example. She raises money by skydiving. She gives the money to people. When she turns 100, she celebrates. She gets inside a cage . The cage then goes underwater. There are sharks in the water. This is called “shark cage diving”.	This news is about a 100 year-old granny who loves doing dangerous things. For example, she skydives to raise money. She used this money to buy life jackets for volunteers at the National Sea Rescue Institute in South Africa. She’s an awesome granny, isn’t she? To celebrate her 100th birthday, she climbed into a cage. People then put the cage underwater in an area with many sharks. If you are interested in trying this, this activity is called “shark cage diving ”!	It’s not exactly what you’d expect a grandparent to do to mark their 100th birthday, but daredevil Georgina Harwood isn’t like other grannies. She celebrated her 100th year by plunging into shark-infested waters. Just off the South African coast on Monday, Georgina sported a full body diving suit and climbed into a submerged cage to see the sharks underwater. “Wonderful! Wonerful!” “I don’t know where to look!” “Were you happy to see a shark?” “Yes!” “I’ve got some water for you, Granny.” “The experience of a lifetime!” Not only did she take part in the daring dive – two days before, Georgina jumped out of a plane in a tandem skydive. And that wasn’t even her first jump. Since turning 92, she’s taken part in three skydives. Georgina, who planned a number of activities to celebrate her centenary , was skydiving to raise money to buy life jackets for volunteers at the National Sea Rescue Institute in South Africa.
Do you like pizza? If your answer is “yes”, this news is for you! This news is from Russia. A pizza restaurant delivers pizzas by drones! People really like this. When the first drone comes, they are happy. The drones can fly 25 miles per hour (40 kilometres per hour). A Russian company makes the drones. The drones will be used in one city. People can sell you things. Then drones will come to you to bring them.	A pizza chain in Russia began to deliver its pizzas by drones. The first drone delivery was met with applause . The drone deliveries will be used for active sales in the city. When somebody wants to buy something, the salesman will send for a drone. A Russian company developed the drones. It says that the drones can fly at a speed of up to 25 miles per hour (40 kilometres per hour).	A pizza chain in the north of Russia began pizza deliveries by drone on Saturday. The first chopper  drone delivery was met with applause by witnesses in the Syktyvkar’s main square. Initially , drone deliveries will be used for active sales in the city parks, beaches and universities by salesmen who will take an order and request a drone to arrive. The chopper drones involved in the pizza delivery were developed by a Russian company, who says they can fly at a speed of up to 25 miles per hour (40 kilometres per hour). The company plans to eliminate any human input in the pizza delivery very soon.
There is a new law in Hong Kong in April. This law does not pass . Politicians only talk about it. However, the law makes a lot of people angry. They start to protest. In June, a million people protest. Carrie Lam is the leader of Hong Kong. The protests make her suspend the law. However, people are still protesting. They want the law to be withdrawn . Recently, Lam withdraws the law.	In April, politicians introduced a law in Hong Kong that would let China extradite suspects from Hong Kong. This started months of anti-government protests in the city. In June, more than a million people protested, and Carrie Lam, the leader of Hong Kong, suspended the law. However, this did not stop the protests. People wanted her to withdraw the law, and this month she did.	Back in April, politicians introduced a law which would allow China to extradite suspects from Hong Kong. The law started months of anti-government protests in the city. After more than a million people turned out to march against the law in June, Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam suspended the law. She said that the law would die in 2020, but that didn’t stop the protesters. People still wanted her to formally withdraw the law. Now, Lam fully withdrew the law. However, nobody knows if the demonstrations will stop. Protesters are also calling for democratic reforms, and they want to know if the police hurt some of the demonstrators.
Volodymyr Zelenskiy is a Ukrainian actor. He plays a popular TV character . The character talks about corruption . He becomes the Ukrainian president on the show. The actor Zelenskiy uses this popularity. He talks about corruption in real life. He runs for president in real life. He wins in real life. His opponent is Petro Poroshenko. Zelenskiy gets 73 per cent of votes . Poroshenko only gets 23 per cent.	In Ukraine, presidential elections recently happened. The two finalists were Volodymyr Zelenskiy and Petro Poroshenko, the country’s current president. Zelenskiy collected 73 per cent of the final vote and Poroshenko only 24 per cent. Zelenskiy, the winner, is a political newcomer. Before he entered politics, he was an actor best known for playing the country’s fictional president on a popular TV series. His TV character won the office after he went on an extremely popular anti-corruption rant . Zelenskiy used his popularity from the show, and he ran a real-life political campaign with the main focus onfighting corruption. Poroshenko’s campaign, on the other hand, was strongly anti-Russian and nationalistic. The new president is not pro-Russian, but Poroshenko thinks that because he has no experience in politics, it will be easy for Russia to manipulate him. Russia said that things can get better between Ukraine and Russia, but Putin’s office said that it is still too early.	Political newcomer Volodymyr Zelenskiy won in the Ukrainian presidential elections, garnering 73 per cent of the final vote to Petro Poroshenko’s 24 per cent. Before Zelenskiy entered politics, he was an actor best known for playing the country’s fictional president on a popular TV series. His TV character won the office accidentally after he went on an extremely popular anti-corruption rant . Zelenskiy leveraged his popularity from the show, and he ran a real-life political campaign focused on fighting corruption. Poroshenko’s campaign, on the other hand, was strongly anti-Russian and nationalistic. The new president is not pro-Russian, but Poroshenko argued that he has no experience, so it will be easy for Russia to manipulate him. Russia said that there may be an improvement of relations between Ukraine and Russia, although Putin’s office says that it is still too early to talk about cooperation. Regardless, Ukraine’s parliament is dominated by Poroshenko’s supporters, and elections are not scheduled to happen until October, so Zelenskiy probably cannot do much right away.
El Niño storms hit Chile. Big waves hit the coast . The waves are five metres big. People must close some roads. A wave hits a car. It turns the car over. The water moves it. The passengers are fine. Other people help them.	El Niño storms hit Chile. Five-meter waves battered the coast and people had to close oceanfront roads. There was a video of a civil defence car which a wave knocked over and pushed. People ran to help the passengers who were not hurt. The waves are the biggest in the region since 2003.	Waves measuring as high as 5 meters or 16 feet battered the coast of Chile over the weekend, as powerful El Niño storms wreaked  havoc in the South American country. In the coastal resort town of Viña del Mar, the passengers of this civil defence SUV were lucky to escape with their lives after a giant wave knocked the vehicle over and dragged it through the water. Footage aired by Chile’s TBN network shows how passers-by ran to the aid of the SUV’s occupants and helped them to get out. Elsewhere, Chilean officials were forced to shut oceanfront roads and to fly red flags on beaches to stop people from swimming. The massive waves, which are reportedly the biggest in this region since 2003, damaged cars and toppled street lamps.
In Taiwan, thousands of protesters come together. They do this three times in seven days. They are protesting for a tax reform . A group organises the protests. It tries to change taxes in Taiwan for years. The ‘yellow vest’ protests happen in France. These protests give people in Taiwan hope. The French protests stop the government from raising a gas tax. People in Sweden, Israel, and Belgium also have similar protests. People are not sure if there can be changes in Taiwan.	In Taiwan, thousands of protesters came together for a tax reform for the 3 rd time in seven days. An activist group organised the protests, and its work on tax reform started years ago. The ‘yellow vest’ protests in France inspired the group to try again. The French protests stopped the government from raising a gas tax. People in Sweden, Israel, and Belgium also held similar protests. In Taiwan, it is not known if the protests will change anything.	In Taiwan, protesters were taking to the streets for a tax reform for the 3 rd time in seven days with thousands of people gathering in Taipei. An activist group called the Tax and Legal Reform League organised the protests. The group has been working on this issue for years, and the ‘yellow vest’ protests in France inspired it to try again. The French protests stopped the government from raising a gas tax until 2020, and the government also increased minimum wages and other economic reforms . People in Sweden, Israel, and Belgium also held similar protests. In Taiwan, it is unclear if the protests will change anything.
In Jordan, there is a law. This law says that rapists can marry their victims . When a rapist marries his victim, he is not punished for the rape. In three years, 159 rapists marry their victims. Some people think that the law helps the victims. Other people do not like the law. They want the law to stop. One part of the Jordan government wants to stop the law. However, the law is not yet stopped. People must wait. Another part of the government must want to stop it, too. Jordan’s king must want to stop it, as well.	In Jordan, there was a law that allowed rapists to marry their victims. This was a way to get out of punishment, and the government said that 159 rapists took advantage of the legal loophole from 2010 to 2013. Some lawmakers said that victims needed the law to avoid social stigma , but politicians decided to stop the loopholes. Their decision, however, needs to be ratified by Jordan’s king and the upper house .	In Jordan, a law called Article 308 allowed rapists to marry their victims as a way to avoid punishment, and the Ministry of Justice said that 159 rapists took advantage of the legal  loophole from 2010 to 2013. A woman from the Supreme Council for Jordanian Women Forum asked how could a woman be forced to live with her rapist, pointing out that a rapist takes away the woman’s honour, dignity and life. Some lawmakers argued that victims needed the law to avoid social stigma , but the politicians in the lower house decided to get rid of all the loopholes. Now the politicians in the upper  house , as well as Jordan’s king, need to ratify the decision.
Hotels in New York are expensive. People want to visit New York, but they do not have enough money. One man knows this. He offers cheap accommodation . It costs only 40 dollars a night. You do not stay in a hotel. You stay in a taxi. There is a bed in the taxi. However, there is no bathroom. You must use a restaurant bathroom. People like this type of accommodation. The taxi is in the city centre. It is only three stops from Times Square, and only one stop from Grand Central Station. You also have a great view of Manhattan.	Travelling to New York City can be expensive, but one entrepreneur can cut your accommodation costs dramatically. His customers can sleep in the back of a taxi cab for only 40 dollars a night! The taxi is in the city centre – only three stops from Times Square and one stop from Grand Central Station. People who try it also have a great view of Manhattan. The so-called “rolling rooms” already attracted a lot of attention from tourists. There is, however, one little problem. There is no bathroom in the taxi, but the customers can use the bathroom of some restaurants.	Travelling to New York City can be expensive, but a new venture has managed to cut the cost of accommodation dramatically. For less than 40 dollars a night, tourists on a tight budget can enjoy million dollar views of Manhattan from the back of a taxi cab! Entrepreneur Jonathan Powley recently started offering vans and New York taxi cabs as overnight rentals on Airbnb. Each of the vehicles has been converted to accommodate a large bed and a fan. There obviously is no room for a bathroom in a cab, but Powley has made a list of restaurants in the area that let his guests use theirs. The so-called “rolling rooms” have already attracted plenty of attention from tourists seeking a central location without a big-city price tag – you’re only one stop from Grand Central Station, and three stops from Times Square in less than 10 minutes. The business owner said that he thinks, ‘People that do it are just the type that want to try something different.’
Michael Jackson was a singer. He was the King of Pop. He died in 2009. He was 50 years old. He died because of a drug overdose . In California, he had a home. He called it the “Neverland Ranch”. He bought it in 1987 for 19.5 million dollars. Now, the house is on sale. You can buy it for 100 million dollars.	Michael Jackson, the King of Pop, died in 2009 at the age of 50. It was only months after he announced his plans for a 50-concert show. An overdose was the cause of his death. In California, Michael Jackson’s home was the “Neverland Ranch”. He bought it in 1987 for 19.5 million dollars. There was even an amusement park and a zoo at the ranch. Neither of those are still there, but you can buy the ranch for 100 million dollars.	The price tag on Michael Jackson’s old home is certainly a thriller . His Neverland Ranch in California has gone on sale for 100 million dollars. Now called “Sycamore Valley Ranch”, it no longer features an amusement park or petting zoo . That means you won’t find Bubbles the chimpanzee, but there is still one llama at the property in Santa Barbara. The estate spans 2,700 acres and was home to the King of Pop for fifteen years. Jackson purchased the ranch in 1987 for 19.5 million dollars. But after financial troubles, he handed over the title to the ranch in 2008 to investment company Colony Capital LLC which held his $23 million loan on the property. Jackson died from an overdose at the age of 50 in 2009, just months after announcing plans for a residency show of 50 concerts at London’s O2 Arena. The renovated property features 22 structures, including a six-bedroom main house complete with attached staff quarters , a four-bedroom guesthouse and another two-bedroom guesthouse. There is also a tennis court, basketball court, swimming pool and a 50-seat movie theatre. The train tracks and station built by Jackson still stand, as does the iconic floral clock spelling out “Neverland”.
A British astronaut is in space. He films videos. He shows people how to do things in space. For example, he shows people how to make coffee. He also shows people how to use the toilet. The space toilet is not like your normal toilet. It has a fan and you pee in a tube . The fan moves the air and the pee into the tube. Do not forget to turn on the fan! If you forget, the pee flies around you.	A British astronaut films videos in space. He recently showed us how astronauts make coffee, and now, how they use the toilet. Space toilets must have fans . You turn the fan on, you pee in a tube, and the pee goes down the tube . If you forget to turn on the fan, the pee flies around!	Have you ever wondered how astronauts go to the loo in space? Thankfully, British astronaut Tim Peake has explained. He shows that there is a tube which you pee in, and its fan keeps everything going down the pipe. You go number two the same way.
Trump recognises Jerusalem as Israel’s capital. He tells his government to move the American embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Trump makes some people angry. People worry that this new situation can make things worse in the region. People protest in Jerusalem. The Israeli police try to bring them under control.	On December 6th, Trump recognised Jerusalem as Israel’s capital. Then he instructed his government to move the US embassy from Tel Aviv to the Holy City . Some people are angry at Trump. They say that this can hurt the peace process in the region. People protested at the Damascus Gate, a famous sight in Jerusalem. Israeli police were there to subdue the angry protesters.	On December 6th, Trump broke decades of US foreign policy by recognising Jerusalem as Israel’s capital, and by instructing his state department to move the US embassy from Tel Aviv to the Holy City . The recognition has provoked anger across the globe and many people worry that Trump undermined the fragile peace process in the region. Crowds angered by America’s decision chanted slogans in support of Palestinian claims over Jerusalem at the Damascus Gate, which is one of the main entrances to the Old City of Jerusalem. Israeli forces attempted to subdue the protesters.
This news is from the Russian Arctic. A polar bear comes to a village. The people trap her under a house. They need help. They call the  military . A helicopter flies to the village. It takes the bear to a town. The bear goes on a plane there. It flies to Moscow. It is going to the city zoo. Polar bears are called white bears in Russia. They live in the Arctic. They are in danger. Their habitat is changing.	A young polar bear strayed into a village in the Russian Arctic. Locals trapped her underneath a house and called the defence ministry. A military aircraft travelled to the island to rescue the polar bear. She travelled by a helicopter to a town in Russia’s Far East, and then people took her on a plane to Moscow. She is going to the city zoo. Polar bears are called white bears in Russia. They live in the Arctic. They are a vulnerable species because of their changing natural home.	Polar bears aren’t usually found in villages but a female one, who was just seven months old, strayed into a village on the northern border of Russia and the country’s defence ministry had to come and help. Prior to their arrival, locals trapped the bear, which is the world’s largest carnivore, underneath a house. A military aircraft travelled to the island in the Russian Arctic to rescue the polar bear before people took her to the Moscow Zoo. The cub had a long journey to get there – first she travelled by a helicopter to a town in Russia’s Far East before going on a plane to the capital. Polar bears are called white bears in Russia and they are native to the Arctic. People consider them a vulnerable species with changes to their habitat by climate change considered their biggest threat .
This news is from Tijuana. Tijuana is a Mexican city. It is at the border with the USA. Some people build a tunnel there. The tunnel leads to the USA. The tunnel is not finished. It is a drug- smuggling tunnel. Mexican police find the tunnel. In April, they found two more tunnels. There are many tunnels from Mexico to the USA. The border is 322 kilometres long. From 2005 to 2015, police found 75 tunnels.	Mexican police discovered an unfinished drug- smuggling tunnel in Tijuana. It emerges in a building which is just two blocks from Mexico’s border with the USA. This tunnel is the third found tunnel in the area since April when police discovered two other tunnels. Illegal tunnels are relatively common along the 322 kilometre-long Mexico-US border. In the last ten years, police found more than 75 tunnels.	Mexican authorities have discovered an unfinished drug-smuggling tunnel just two blocks from the country’s border with the United States. This tunnel, which emerges in a building belonging to an import/export company in Tijuana, is the third such tunnel found in this area since April when two others were discovered. Illegal tunnels like these are relatively common along the 2,000 mile (322 kilometres) Mexico-US border and over the past decade alone, more than 75 have been found. The latest discovery is the first since Mexican cartel boss Joaquin “Chapo” Guzman used a tunnel to escape from a maximum security prison in July. Last week, a Mexican judge temporarily  suspended an extradition request for Chapo from the United States where he’s wanted on criminal charges, including cocaine smuggling and money laundering .
A man is driving in the city. The maximum speed in the city is 60 km per hour. He goes 80 km per hour. A policeman stops the man. The policeman comes to the car. The man opens the window. “Good afternoon,” says the policeman. “You went very fast. You will pay 50 euros.” “I know,” says the man. He is not happy but he gives the money to the policeman. “This is your ticket,” says the policeman. “I don’t need a ticket. What will I do with the ticket?” says the man. “Keep the ticket. When you get four tickets, you will get a bicycle.” www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.	A man is driving in the city. The maximum speed in the city is 60 km per hour. He goes 80 km per hour. He is stopped by a policeman. The policeman comes to the man. The man pulls down the window. “Good afternoon,” says the policeman. “You were going too fast. You will pay 50 euros.” “I know,” says the man. He is unhappy but he gives the money to the policeman. “This is your receipt,” says the policeman. “I don’t need a receipt. What will I do with it?” says the man. “Keep it. When you get four receipts, you will get a bicycle.” www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.	A man is driving in the city. He ignores the speed limit which is 60 km per hour. He goes at 80 km per hour. He is stopped by a policeman. The policeman walks up to the car. The man pulls down his window. “Good afternoon,” says the officer. “You were speeding. It’s gonna be 50 euros.” “I know,” says the man unhappily and gives the money to the policeman. “This is your receipt,” says the policeman. “I don’t need a receipt. What am I gonna do with it?” says the man. “Keep it. When you get four of them, you will get a bicycle.” www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.
The capital of Belgium is Brussels. There are three explosions in Brussels. Two happen at an airport. One is at a metro station. The metro station is close to the EU buildings. The explosions are suicide attacks . People film the situation. They put their videos online. People evacuate the airport. Planes stop flying. People close the metro. The terror  threat in Belgium goes to maximum level.	There were three explosions in Brussels, Belgium. Two of them were at the airport and the third was at a metro station close to the EU buildings. Some Belgium media reported that a suicide attack caused the airport explosions. People also heard gunfire before the explosions. People filmed the moments after the explosions and shared them online. People evacuated the airport and cancelled flights. They closed the metro system in Brussels. Brussels went into lockdown . The government raised the terror threat in Belgium  to maximum level.	Three explosions in Belgium have been reported: two in Zaventem Airport and a third at a metro station close to the EU buildings in Brussels. Footage shows people running away from the departures as smoke can clearly be seen rising from the airport building. Some Belgium media have reported that the airport explosions were caused by a suicide attack, and there are reports of gunfire heard at the airport before the blast . The aftermath of the explosion has been captured and shared online. The Belgium fire service told the local media there were multiple fatalities and casualties and figures are expected to rise. Flights have been cancelled at the airport, which has been evacuated. Images of smoke coming from the Brussels metro station have also been circulating on social media. The metro system in Brussels has been closed as the city goes into lockdown, and the terror threat in Belgium has been raised to maximum level 4 across the country following the blasts. They come just four days after the capture in Brussels of Salah Abdeslam, the main suspect in the Paris attacks in November.
Reunion Island is small. It is in the Indian Ocean. It is 600 kilometres from Madagascar. Something washes up on the island. It is two-metres long. It is part of a plane. It is from a Boeing 777 This part may be from the lost Malaysia Airlines flight MH370”. The plane got lost in March, 2014. The plane was flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing. Two hundred and thirty-nine people were on that plane. Experts look at the part. They may give us some information soon.	Reunion Island is a small island about 600 kilometres east of Madagascar. A two-metre piece of debris washed up on the island. Experts say that it looks like a wing component from a Boeing 777. We do not yet know if the piece of debris is from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, but no other Boeing 777 disappeared in the area. French and Malaysian experts are investigating the piece which may give us some information. The Malaysian Airlines plane was travelling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing. This journey normally takes six hours, but the plane lost connection with the ground and disappeared.	Could this unknown piece of material lead to answers? French investigators are looking into what appears to be debris from a plane that has washed up on Reunion Island. Aviation experts have said the debris looks like a wing component from a 777 plane known as a flaperon. It’s too early to suggest it may be from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370. That flight is believed to have crashed into the Indian Ocean and has been missing since March last year. There have been other plane crashes much closer to Reunion, but flight MH370 is the only Boeing 777 to have disappeared in the area. The Malaysian Airlines plane was traveling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board. The journey should have taken six hours and lost connection with air traffic controllers mid-flight. The two-metre-long piece of wreckage washed up on the island about 370 miles (595 kilometres) east of Madagascar. Malaysian officials have sent a team to the islandsto work alongside French air transport officials to examine whether the wreckage discovered is from the missing Malaysian Airlines flights. As time goes on, this piece of wreckage could help explain what happened in one of the biggest mysteries in aviation history.
Here is news from Florida. A man enters a shop. The cashier welcomes him. The female woman cashier is behind the counter . She does not know that he is a criminal. The man hits the woman in the face. She falls to the ground. She is shocked. She tells the man to leave. She says that she is pregnant . The man gets the money from the shop and leaves. The woman goes to hospital. Police ask people for more information.	A man entered a shop in Florida. The cashier , who was behind the counter, greeted him. She did not now that he was a criminal. The man looked at his phone and punched the woman in the face. She fell to the ground in shock. She asked him to leave. At one point, she said that she was pregnant. However, the man took the money from the shop and left. The woman went to hospital. Police appeal for more information.	This shocking CCTV footage shows the moment a pregnant woman was punched to the ground during a shop robbery. The woman who works as a cashier at a Boost Mobile store in Pensacola, Florida, greeted her attacker, as he entered the shop. Little did she know he would assault her. In the video, a tall man walks into the store and engages with small talk with her before the attack. He looks at his phone before approaching the counter and punches the woman in the face, knocking her to the ground. He rushes around the counter to steal money from the till while the woman cries on the floor, pleading for him to leave. At one point, she claims she’s pregnant. After he fled with an unknown amount of cash, the woman gets up with blood on her face in shock and crying for help. Pensacola police who released this footage in an appeal for information said she was treated at a local hospital for her injuries.
Six men come to Zurich, Switzerland. They have a meeting there. They stay in a hotel. Police come to the hotel. They arrest the men. The men are FIFA officials . They are corrupt . They take bribes . They take $100 million in over 20 years.	FIFA is at the centre of a fresh scandal. Its six officials were in Zurich ahead of a meeting which takes place every year, and police arrested them at a hotel over corruption charges . People say that they took around $100 million over 20 years. The police will move the arrested men to the USA soon.	To some, the news hasn’t come as much of a shock. FIFA is at the centre of a fresh scandal today, as six officials have been arrested over corruption charges. The suspects were arrested at dawn at a hotel in Zurich over claims of alleged  bribes worth about $100 million over 20 years. They have been detained  pending  extradition to the US. Officers swooped as FIFA members met in Zurich ahead of their annual meeting on Friday, where President Sepp Blatter is seeking a fifth term. One of the men arrested in the FBI investigation is thought to be Jeffrey Webb, the head of the confederation for North and Central America and the Caribbean.
The Pacific Crest Trail is in the USA. It starts on the border with Mexico. It ends on the border with Canada. It is 2,600 miles long (4,184 kilometres). It goes through the mountains of California, Oregon and Washington. A man goes on the trail. He takes a selfie at every mile (1.6 kilometres). He turns the pictures into a video. You can see how he changes. He is a little fat at the beginning of the video. At the end, he is not. He lost 50 pounds (23 kilograms). The man did not finish the trail. He stopped 418 kilometres from the end – there was a snow storm.	The Pacific Crest Trail runs across the United States. It starts on the border with Mexico and ends on the border with Canada. It is 2,600 miles long (4,184 kilometres) and runs through the mountains of California, Oregon and Washington. A man went on a hike on the trail and took a selfie at every mile (1.6 kilometres). The man from Texas created a video from the pictures that he took. He looks very different at the beginning and at the end of the video – he lost 50 pounds (23 kilograms) in weight. After five months on the trail, 418 kilometres from the end, he had to stop because a snow storm stranded him.	A man set out for the Pacific Crest Trail, which stretches from the borders of Mexico to Canada. He decided to take a selfie every single mile along the 4,184-kilometre trek . Andy created a time-lapse video from his five-month hike and he is almost unrecognisable towards the end of the video – he had lost 23 kilograms. Sadly, he never finished the trek, as a snow storm stranded him about 418 kilometres from the end.
Last Sunday, basketball star Kobe Bryant’s helicopter crashes in Calabasas, California. The families of the victims say who else is with him. The crash kills him, his daughter, a basketball coach, a baseball coach, his wife, his daughter, another mother, her daughter, and the pilot. The people on the helicopter plan to go to a basketball event in Thousand Oaks, California. The three daughters played basketball together. The basketball coach had a husband and three children. The baseball coach and his wife also had a son and daughter.	Last Sunday, basketball star Kobe Bryant’s helicopter crashed in Calabasas, California. The families of the victims are now saying who else was with him. The crash killed him, his daughter, a basketball coach, a baseball coach, his wife, his daughter, another mother, her daughter, and the pilot. Everyone was headed to a basketball tournament in Thousand Oaks, California; the three daughters were basketball teammates . The basketball coach had a husband and three children, and the baseball coach and his wife also had a son and a daughter.	The family members are just now releasing the names of the others who were with basketball star Kobe Bryant when his helicopter crashed in Calabasas, California, last Sunday. The crash killed him, his daughter Gianna, a basketball coach named Christina Mauser, a baseball coach named John Altobelli, his wife Keri, his daughter Alyssa, mother Sarah Chester, her daughter Payton, and pilot Ara Zobayan. Everyone was headed to a basketball tournament at Mamba Sports Academy in Thousand Oaks, California; the three daughters were basketball teammates. Mauser left behind her husband and three children, and John and Keri left behind a son and daughter.
This news is about a zoo. It is in Indonesia. The zoo has problems. People there do not give enough food to the animals. An elephant dies. The zoo closes in 2016. Now, there is another scandal . A man throws an orangutan a cigarette. Someone films this on video. The orangutan picks up the cigarette. It starts smoking it. Animal activists are very angry. They want the zoo to take full responsibility .	A zoo in Indonesia was starving its animals, and it closed in 2016 after an elephant died. Now, the zoo is under heavy criticism again. There is a video online which shows a visitor throw his cigarette to an orangutan, and then the animal picks it up and starts smoking. Animal activists are furious , and they want the zoo to take full responsibility .	A zoo in Indonesia is under heavy criticism again. This comes after the zoo made headlines for starving its animals, and then it closed in 2016 after an elephant died. Now, a video has emerged of a visitor flicking a cigarette into an orangutan’s living area. The primate picked it up and started smoking. Animal activists are livid and want the zoo to take full responsibility.
Thousands of people meet in Paris. They support the presidential candidate Francios Fillon. He has a problem. Some people think that he gives jobs in the parliament to his wife and children. But they never do these jobs. Some people want the candidate to stop his campaign. The candidate thanks to his supporters for coming to the meeting. There are many people at the meeting. But it is still not sure if he will stay in the presidential race .	Thousands of people met in Paris. They wanted to support the presidential candidate Francios Fillon. He may not stay in the presidential race because he faces  corruption charges . He arranged jobs in the parliament for his wife and children, but they never did them. Some people wanted the candidate to pull out of the race. The candidate thanked to his supporters for coming to the meeting. There were many people at the meeting, but it is still not sure if he will stay in the presidential race.	Thousands of supporters of the presidential candidate Francios Fillon met in Paris. The meeting should decide whether the candidate stays in the presidential race as he faces corruption charges . He supposedly arranged jobs in the parliament for his wife and children which they never performed. That is the reason that he was asked to pull out of the race. The candidate thanked to his supporters for coming to the meeting. Although there were many people at the meeting, it is still not sure whether he will stay in the presidential race.
HBO is an American cable TV channel. People must pay money to watch it. Now, HBO says that people can watch it for free. They do not need to pay. HBO unlocks almost 500 hours of TV shows and documentaries . People can watch some of HBO´s most popular shows and movies. However, some TV shows are not for free. One of the biggest hits is ‘Game of Thrones’. People cannot watch it for free. In the US, there is the coronavirus. It is better for people to stay at home. HBO wants to make people stay at home. A lot of people are using HBO now. HBO is also starting a new service soon. Free service is a good way to find new customers .	HBO is an American premium TV network. On Friday, it announced that it will temporarily offer nearly 500 hours of TV shows and documentaries for free. Viewers can stream some of HBO´s most popular shows, such as ‘The Sopranos’ or ‘The Wire’. HBO will also unlock some movies; however, some of HBO´s more recent hits, such as ‘Game of Thrones’, are not on the list. HBO decided to unlock its content to make people stay inside during the coronavirus. Another reason could be that HBO wants to make people more interested in its service. The company is starting a new subscription service soon. A lot of people are using streaming services like HBO and Netflix, because many sports events, festivals and concerts are canceled.	On Friday, the premium cable channel, HBO, announced that it will temporarily unlock nearly 500 hours of programming. The content available to stream for free will include some of its most popular shows, such as ‘The Sopranos’ or ‘The Wire’. Some movies and documentaries will also be available; however, some of HBO´s more recent hits, including ‘Game of Thrones’, are absent from the list. HBO is unlocking this content to encourage people to remain inside as much as possible to help curb the spread of the coronavirus. Another reason could also be the network´s way of supporting interest for its upcoming subscription service. Since many sporting events, festivals and concerts have been canceled, streaming services like HBO Now and Netflix have seen a significant increase in viewership.
The Scottish actor Sean Connery dies. He is 90 years old. Connery lives in the Scottish capital, Edinburgh, as a child. His family is very poor. Connery has a job. But the job is not good. Connery has little money. Connery´s hobby is bodybuilding . Bodybuilding brings him to film. Connery plays the British agent James Bond. James Bond is charming . He has dry humor . This means that when he jokes, it is not very obvious. The role makes Connery an international star. Other actors play James Bond after Sean Connery. They try to be as good as Connery. Connery plays many other roles. He is a great actor. He gets an award for his role in ´The Untouchables´ in 1987. Connery loves Scotland. He wants Scotland to become independent of Britain. He gets the title of knight in 2000. It means that he uses the title ´sir´ before his name.	Scottish movie star Sean Connery died at the age of 90. Connery´s family was very poor, and they lived in the slums in the Scottish capital, Edinburgh. Connery did not have a good job, until his bodybuilding hobby started his acting career. Connery played the charming British agent James Bond, which made him an international star. All the actors who played Bond after Sean Connery tried to meet the high standard that he set. Connery played many other interesting roles besides James Bond. In 1987, he won an award for his role in ´The Untouchables´. In 2000, Queen Elizabeth II awarded him with the title of knight. Connery supported Scottish independence of Britain	Scottish movie legend Sean Connery died aged 90. Connery was raised in poverty in the slums of Edinburgh, Scotland, and he worked as a coffin polisher and a milkman before his bodybuilding hobby helped launch his acting career that made him one of the world´s biggest stars. Connery shot to international stardom as the charming and sophisticated British agent James Bond which drew worldwide attention. Bond´s confident manners and dry humor crafted a depth of character that set the standard for those who followed Connery in the role, such as the British actor Daniel Craig. Connery played a series of noteworthy roles besides James Bond. He won an academy award for his role in the 1987 movie ´The Untouchables´. In 2000, he was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II, although he was an ardent supporter of Scotland´s independence.
Caster Semenya is a woman from South Africa. She is an athlete. She is going to court . An organisation for athletes wants to give her medicine. She does not want to take this medicine. The medicine can make her testosterone go down. In 2009, Caster wins a big race. People say that they are not sure if she is a woman or a man. The organisation wants similar levels of testosterone for all women. The organisation’s president says that the sports need rules. Then they are fair for everybody.	Caster Semenya is an athlete from South Africa who is taking an athletics organisation to court. The organisation wants to force the woman to take medication to lower her testosterone . A man who is working at the court said that the decision will be made after one week. People were not sure if Semenya was a woman after she won a competition in 2009. The organisation wants to be sure that all female athletes have similar amounts of testosterone. The organisation’s president said that the rules are there to help female athletes compete equally.	Caster Semenya is a female athlete from South Africa, and she has taken the International Association of Athletics Federation (IAAF) to court because it wants to force her to take medication to lower her testosterone . The secretary for the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) said that the hearing will take one week which is unusually long. People questioned Semenya’s gender as a woman after she won the World Championship in 2009, and the IAAF wants to ensure that all female athletes have similar testosterone levels. The IAAF president said that the rules are there to help female athletes have fair competitions. The court will decide Semenya’s future as an athlete and others like her next month.
Afrin is a region and a city in the north of Syria. It is also a Kurdish enclave . Turkish planes bomb the region. Turkey wants to drive out the Kurdish fighters. After four days, Turkish soldiers move into the enclave. Turkey wants to create a 30-kilometres ‘safe zone’ around Afrin. This makes relations between Turkey and the USA worse.	Afrin is a region and a city in the north of Syria. It is also a Kurdish enclave . Turkey launched airstrikes on the region last Saturday, as it wanted to drive out the Kurdish fighters from the region. After four days of fighting, Turkish soldiers moved into the Kurdish enclave. Turkey wants to create a 30-kilometres ‘safe zone’ around Afrin. This turns the relations between Turkey and the USA worse.	Turkey launched airstrikes on Afrin, a district and a city in the north of Syria, on Saturday to drive out Kurdish fighters from the region. After four days of fighting, Turkish soldiers moved into the Kurdish enclave . Turkish officials want to create a 30-kilometres ‘safe zone’ around the Afrin district. Turkey says that the YPG is an outlawed Kurdish rebel group that is fighting inside its borders. Turkey’s operation is called ‘Operation Olive Branch’ and it raised tensions with the USA.
The Bloodhound Supersonic Car is not a normal car. It is part rocket, part supersonic jet , and part car. It can go really fast. People want to set a new record. They want to go 1,000 miles per hour. That is faster than a bullet . It takes 8 years to make this car. It is a big project. Many people work on the car.	The Bloodhound Supersonic Car is part rocket, part supersonic jet , and part car. It will try to set a new world record of moving 1,000 miles per hour. That is faster than a bullet fired from a handgun. It took 8 years to make the car which pushes today’s science. Over 200 companies and 12 universities supported the making of the car.	Described as part Formula One car, part space rocket and part supersonic jet, the Bloodhound Supersonic Car is aiming to be the world’s first thousand-miles-per-hour car when it attempts to set a new world record. The car’s British designers say they’re pushing the limits of science with the Bloodhound, a catalyst for cutting-edge research in aerodynamics and high-tech engineering. At an event in London’s Canary Wharf, the completed Bloodhound vehicle was unveiled to the public following 8 years of research, design, and manufacturing. Bloodhound Supersonic Car will be driven by wing commander Andy Green, who currently holds the world record of 763 miles per hour (1,228 kph) at the wheel. “Every single time I get in this car, I’m going to be slightly nervous because an extraordinary team of world-class engineers have conceived and hand-built this car out of 3,500 bespoke components. Supported by over 200 sponsor companies, 12 leading world’s leading universities with the research and the technology development as we push back the boundaries of physics in a car that is part Formula One car, part space rocket, and part supersonic jet fighter. All of that world-class product, tens of thousands of people have been put into this astonishing vehicle. Every single time I drive that, my driving has to be world-class to be worthy of that.” During the thousand miles per hour record attempt, Green will travel faster than a bullet fired from a handgun. According to the designers, this is more than seven times the power of all the cars in Formula One combined. Next year, the team plans to travel to the Hakskeen Pan in Northern Cape to put the Bloodhound through its paces and attempt to set a new record of an astonishing 800 miles per hour (1,287 kph).
Researchers around the world are trying to make a COVID-19 vaccine. A vaccine is a medicine that stops a sickness from making you sick. Doctors in Chicago, Illinois, USA are doing a blind  study . More than 25,000 volunteers are in the study. A blind study is an important part of the testing. Doctors give medicine to the volunteers. However, the volunteers do not know if they get the vaccine or not. It is possible that they get a placebo . A placebo does not have any effect on the body. However, some people react to it. Doctors study how people react to the medicine. It will take two years. A black woman is a volunteer in the study. She is 68 years old. She has health problems. COVID-19 can be dangerous for her. Her friends are not happy. They do not want her to get the vaccine. However, the woman wants to help make the vaccine.	Doctors in Chicago, Illinois, USA are testing a new COVID-19 vaccine, and more than 25,000 volunteers are taking part in the trial. A trial is a scientific study. One part of the test is a blind study when volunteers do not know if they are getting the vaccine or a placebo. A placebo is a drug that does not have any effect on the body; however, some people believe that the body reacts to it as if it were a real drug. Bonnie Blue is a 68-year-old Black woman who has asthma . It means that if she got COVID-19, it could be dangerous for her. She has become a volunteer in the study. Her friends tried to talk her out of it; however, she believes that she is doing the right thing. Blue said that she wanted to help researchers make the COVID-19 vaccine.	Bonnie Blue is Chicago, USA´s first COVID-19 vaccine participant and one of more than 25,000 people who volunteered for the Moderna vaccine trial. It is a blind study where participants do not know if they are getting a COVID-19 vaccine or a placebo . Blue is a 68-year-old asthmatic Black woman, and she fits into three high-risk categories for COVID-19. She received her second and final injection , and for the next two years, researchers will study her body´s reaction to the injections and if she is protected from COVID-19. Blue gets about a $1,300 dollar stipend to cover travel and her time for the two years. She says that her friends were concerned about her severe health problems. However, she is convinced that she is doing the right thing, and that she is helping humanity.
Lexus creates a special car. It is made from cardboard . The car is a replica of a Toyota. The replica is as big as the original. The car works. You can enter it and move it.	Lexus created the first drivable cardboard car in the world. It is a life-size replica of Toyota’s new IS Saloon. You can enter the car and move it backwards and forwards. It is something quite special.	Lexus created the world’s first drivable cardboard car. The unique model is an exact replica of Toyota’s IS Saloon, and people pieced it together from precisely -cut pieces of cardboard. The car comes with a fully- fitted interior, functioning doors, headlights and rolling wheels.
Three rich brothers wanted to do something special for their old mother. She had her birthday. The first brother bought her a big house. The second brother gave her a big car, with a driver. The third brother remembered that his mother loved to read, but she had bad eyes. So he gave her a special parrot. This parrot could read books. Soon, the brothers got letters from their mother. The first letter said, “The house is very big. I only live in one room, but I must clean all house.” The second son got a letter, “I don’t go out very often. I don’t need the car and the driver is a bad man.” The third son got a letter, “My sweet boy, you know what your mother loves. The chicken was very tasty.” www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.	Three rich brothers wanted to do something special for their old mother on her birthday. The first brother bought her a big house. The second brother gave her a big car, with a driver. The third brother remembered that his mother loved to read the Bible, but she couldn’t see well, so he gave her a special parrot which could read from the Bible. Soon, the brothers received letters from their mother. The first letter said, “The house which you bought me is very big. I only live in a small part of it, but I have to clean the whole house.” The second son got a letter which said, “I don’t leave the house very often, so I don’t use the car very often. And when I use it, the driver is not nice to me.” The third son got a letter that said, “My sweet boy, you know what your mother loves. The chicken was very tasty.” www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.	Three rich brothers each wanted to do something special for their old mother on her birthday. The first brother bought her a huge house. The second brother gave her a big car, with a driver. The third brother remembered that his mother used to love to read the Bible, but couldn’t see well anymore, so he gave her a specially trained parrot that could read from the Bible. Soon, the brothers received letters from their mother. The first letter said, “The house that you bought me is much too big. I only live in a small part of it, but I have to clean the whole house.” The second son got a letter that said, “I don’t leave the house very often, so I don’t use the car very often. And when I use it, the driver is so rude.” The third son got a letter that said, “My darling baby boy, you know what your mother loves. The chicken was very tasty.” www.jokesinlevels.com Free jokes for students of English organised into three levels of difficulty.
More women have the most important jobs in the world´s biggest financial institutions. Financial institutions are banks or companies which deal with money. Almost 48 of officials in the US president´s government are women. This seems to be an important change. Women care more than about numbers. They care more about people. They do not want to put more money into roads or buildings. They want to give more money to workers. The situation is similar in Europe. Many women become leaders of the most important financial institutions. This change is a big hope for working women. It also helps women without a job, too.	Many women have top jobs in the biggest economic institutions in the world, and it can be a very important change from the situation ten years ago. In the US, women have top jobs in President Biden´s government. Almost 48% of officials in Biden´s government are women, and it can have a big impact on people´s lives. Women in top jobs seem to care more about how people really live and not only about numbers. Outside the US, the situation is changing, too, and more women have top jobs in important global institutions. These institutions are, for example, the European Central Bank or the World Trade Organization. The last global crisis had a big impact on women, who are 39% of all working people. 54% of people who lost jobs during the crisis were women. Women finance ministers and leaders bring more hope to all working women.	Women hold many top jobs in the world´s largest economy and major global economic institutions. In the US, Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen, Commerce Secretary Gina Raimondo, and Trade Czar Katherine Tai hold top jobs in President Biden´s administration. Nearly 48% of Biden´s confirmed cabinet-level officials are women, and this change may be already affecting economic policy by shifting the focus to people instead of numbers. Outside the US, there´s Christine Lagarde at the helm of the European Central Bank, Kristalina Georgieva heads up the International Monetary Fund, and Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala runs the World Trade Organization, although all these jobs were held by men only a decade ago. Women run finance ministries in 16 countries, and 14 of the world´s central banks. The stakes are high as the global recession has been referred to as a ´she-session´ because of how hard it has hit women. Women comprise 39% of the global workforce; however, they account for 54% of overall job losses.
Santons are small figures . People make them from clay . This is a tradition in France. People from one town make a big nativity scene . There are 3,500 santons in it. They hope that the nativity scene sets a new Guinness World Record.	Craftsmen from Aubagne in southern France created a Christmas nativity scene that contains 3,500 terracotta figures. The small figures are called santons and their creation is a popular tradition in France. People hope that the nativity scene will set a new Guinness World Record.	Craftsmen from the city of Aubagne in southern France joined forces to create a Christmas nativity scene of 3,500 terracotta figures. Apart from the birth of Jesus, it also shows life in a French village. The tiny figures are called santons and their creation is a popular tradition in France. People hope that the artwork will be certified as a new Guinness World Record by Christmas.
Two chimps live at a university. The university is in New York in the USA. The chimps help people study. A group does not like this. It wants the chimps to go to a sanctuary . The group will go to a judge . It will say four things. First, chimps are smart. Second, chimps are like people. Third, you cannot keep people in jail unlawfully . Fourth, the university is like a jail for the chimps. This is the first time that this will happen. The group hopes that it will win. Then it will help more smart animals. These are elephants, dolphins and whales.	Two chimps live at a university in New York in the USA where the chimps help people research movement. A group, however, wants the chimps to go to a protected place in Florida instead. The group is going to use the idea of habeas corpus to make its argument to a judge. Habeas corpus says that people cannot be held in unlawful imprisonment. The group will argue that because the chimps are independent and smart, just like people, the chimps cannot be used for research as it is unlawful imprisonment for the chimps. This is the first case ever of this type.	An animal rights group has been granted a court hearing in which it will argue that two chimpanzees, who live at a New York state university, cannot be held captive because they’re autonomous , intelligent creatures . A New York state judge has issued an order called a writ of habeas corpus requiring the state university of New York to defend its right to keep the primates Hercules and Leo. A writ of habeas corpus requires a person to be released from unlawful imprisonment. In what is said to be the first case of its kind in the world, the Nonhuman Rights Project, claims that because chimpanzees are autonomous, intelligent creatures, their captivity amounts to unlawful imprisonment. They want the pair of chimps, who are used in research on physical movement at the university, to be sent to a sanctuary in Florida called Save the Chimps. Under the law, such orders can only be granted to legal persons, so the judge would need to find that chimpanzees have at least some limited rights traditionally reserved for humans. The group is hoping a victory could spur similar cases on  behalf of elephants, dolphins, whales and other intelligent animals. The hearing is scheduled for May 6th.
China´s spacecraft lands on the moon last week. The journey from Earth is 122 hours long. The spacecraft lands in a place on the near side of the moon. The near side is the side that people see from Earth. The name of the place is the Ocean of Storms. It is a flat area. No spacecraft lands there before. The spacecraft will get about 2 kilograms of rock from the moon. Scientists will study the rock. The landing is big and special news. Chinese scientists are very excited . Only two countries bring rock from the moon in the past. It happens in the 60s and 70s. The countries are the US and Soviet Union. This is when they want to be the first country to get into space and to the moon.	Last week, China´s spacecraft successfully landed on the moon. The journey to the moon lasted 122 hours, and scientists carefully chose the place to land. The area was called the Ocean of Storms and it was a flat lava area. Nobody explored this place ever before. Cameras recorded the landing and they sent images back to Earth. The spacecraft will collect about two kilograms of rock and bring it back to Earth. If the spacecraft returns to Earth, it will be a big success for China. Only the US and Soviet Union brought rock from the moon in the past. It happened in the 60s and 70s during the Space Race, when the two countries competed to be the first to land on the moon and send people into space.	On Tuesday, China´s Chang´e-5 spacecraft successfully landed on the near side of the moon. The probe entered the moon´s orbit on Saturday after a 122-hour journey from Earth. The spacecraft had automatically detected and identified obstacles before it landed in a pre-selected area that had not been previously explored. The probe touched down in a place known as the Ocean of Storms that consisted of a vast lava plain . During the landing process, cameras aboard the lander took images of the landing and sent them back to Earth. About two kilograms of samples are expected to be collected, sealed in a container, and carried back to Earth. If the return journey is successful, China will be only the third country to have retrieved samples from the moon, following the US and Soviet Union in the 60s and 70s.
This news is from the USA. Americans are not happy with representation . There is a new campaign . It tells people not to vote . People do not like the presidential  candidates . They say that Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are the worst candidates in history. They say that people must choose between two bad people.	People are not happy with representation in the USA, and there is a campaign for people not to vote. One African American said that he is not voting until black lives matter. There is also dissatisfaction with the presidential candidates. People say that Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are the most disliked candidates in history. People say that they must choose between two horrible people. A politics professor says that the candidates are very different, and that this makes this election interesting.	Voting is a right many have fought and campaigned for, but in the extraordinary 2016 US presidential election , there has been a rather extraordinary turn of events: a campaign for people not to vote. One African American said that he is not voting until black lives matter and that he is telling people not to vote until their needs are met. Not only are people unsatisfied with their representation, they also have dissatisfaction with the candidates. People say that Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are the most disliked candidates in history. People say that there are two horrible choices or that one of the poisons is slightly better . A politics professor says that the candidates are widely different, and that is what makes this election interesting from the perspective of what is going to happen. With just over two months to go until polling  day , Clinton remains the front runner, but the race is close, within the margin of error and that might be enough to drive people down to vote.
In the USA, many people eat beef which is a meat from cows. It takes a lot of work to make beef. The work makes a lot of pollution and carbon dioxide . Other meats and foods take less work. People worry about carbon dioxide. They worry that it can make the planet hotter. They think we need to stop eating so much beef. Then there can be less carbon dioxide. American Democratic candidates think about this problem. However, other types of businesses make more pollution than beef businesses. For example, these are transportation or energy.	In the USA, many people like to eat beef. Beef production uses a lot of resources and gives off more carbon dioxide than other meat production or foods like rice or potatoes. People worry that the carbon dioxide is leading to climate change, so it may be good for people to eat less beef. American Democratic candidates are thinking about this carbon footprint problem. However, beef production makes less pollution than energy or transportation.	In the USA, beef production uses more resources and emits more carbon dioxide than other meat production or plant-based foods like rice or potatoes. People worry that the carbon dioxide is leading to more risks of climate change unless we curb our emissions overall, including curbing beef demand. People are so worried that American Democratic candidates are thinking about how to work on this problem, even though beef production does not pollute as badly as energy or transportation.
In southern India, there is a bull- taming sport. It is controversial . It is very popular. It is very old. India’s leaders stop this sport for some time. The leaders say that the sport is cruel . One man says that people hit the bulls with sharp objects. They make them drink alcohol. They hurt their tails. In 2017, the sport comes back. This is after people protest. They change the laws. An organisation wants the leaders to stop the sport again. One man wants the sport. He says that people think of the bulls as their children.	In southern India, a controversial bull- taming sport is making a comeback. Thousands of people came to watch the tradition which is centuries old. India’s top court stopped this tradition because of animal cruelty . One man said that people hit the bulls with sharp objects, force them to drink alcohol, and hurt their tails. In 2017, the sport came back when protests made the laws change. An organisation wants the court to ban the sport again. A man who wants the sport said that people think of the bulls as their own children.	In southern India, a controversial bull- taming sport called Jallikattu is making a comeback. Thousands of people came to watch the tradition that is centuries old. India’s top court banned this tradition because of animal cruelty. One man said that people poke the bulls with sharp objects, force them to drink liquor, and jab or twist their tails. In 2017, the sport came back to the Tamil Nadu state after protests forced laws to change. PETA is campaigning for the ban of the sport to return. A man for the sport said that he wants PETA to be banned in Tamil Nadu because unlike Spain and other countries, he says that the people think of the bulls as their own children.
Fiji is an island. It is in the Pacific Ocean. It is not big. It wins its first Olympic Medal. The Fiji rugby team wins. The team does a great job. The players beat Great Britain 43-7. Fiji’s prime minister declares a public holiday . Many people come to bars, shopping centres and the national stadium. They watch the match . They are very, very happy when the team wins. The rugby team has a British coach. He is very happy, too.	The Pacific nation of Fiji won its first Olympic medal in Men’s Rugby. The team did an amazing job. It beat Great Britain 43-7 and prompted Fiji’s prime minister to declare a public holiday. Crowds of people came to bars, shopping centres and the national stadium to watch the match. Everyone was ecstatic when the team won. A British Coach trained the team. He spoke about the team and how happy he was that he could help them win.	The Pacific nation of Fiji erupted with wild celebrations after winning its first Olympic medal in the Men’s Rugby Sevens. The gold medal was well-deserved as the team produced a breathtaking performance, thrashing Great Britain 43-7, and prompting Fiji’s prime minister to declare a public holiday next week to celebrate. British coach Ben Ryan spoke of his delight of helping the team reach this historic landmark . “You know, we’ve won world titles, we won huge events, but the Olympic Games is on another level and they’ve left a legacy on the island now. And they were quiet actually they weren’t as as ecstatic as you would think. They were overcome , I think, and took some time to thank everybody that’s been involved in them. It’s a humble group and I’m just delighted that they managed to get the gold medal.” Rugby has returned to the Rio Olympics after 92 years with the sevens format used in Brazil enjoying a cult following in Fiji where crowds gathered in bars, shopping centres and the national stadium to watch the match.
Muslim holy days are happening. Many Muslims go to Mecca . They go to a special place there. They do an important rite . Two years ago, 2,000 people died there. There were too many people on a bridge. They were crushed. The government wants to change this. Around 100,000 people make Mecca safe this year.	During a Muslim holy day, many Muslims went to Mecca to make their haji pilgrimage , and they went to a special place. They performed an important rite . Two years ago, 2,000 people died there from overcrowding and from being crushed as they walked on the bridge to this place. In response, the government made plans to make the area safer. It has more than 100,000 security staff managing all of the people this year.	During the Muslim holy day of Eid al-Adha, many Muslims made their haji  pilgrimage to Mecca, where they went to a special site. There they performed an important rite called the ‘stoning of the devil.’ Two years ago, 2,000 people died there from overcrowding during a stampede as they walked on the bridge to the site. In response, Saudi authorities took measures to improve safety. There are more than 100,000 security forces managing the pilgrims this year. One pilgrim said that although the area is crowded, there are many ways to move. Another pilgrim said that the government has done ‘its best to maintain peace in the area’.
The durian is a tropical fruit. It is from Malaysia. People know it for its sharp smell. Some people say that it smells like sewage , old meat, or socks. The smell is so bad that you cannot have the fruit in hotels or on the bus or train. It tastes unusual, too. It is salty and spicy. It is sweet, also. People use its flavour in ice creams and drinks. A town in Malaysia celebrates the fruit. It organises a festival. Tourists come to eat durian at the festival.	The durian is a tropical fruit from Malaysia. It is famous for its sharp smell and unusual taste. A town in Malaysia celebrated it in its first International Durian Tourism Festival. Many tourists visited the town to eat the savoury yet sweet fruit. Some people think that durian smells like sewage , rotting meat, or gym socks. The smell is so strong that it is illegal in hotels and public transport in Southeast Asia. However, people use the flavour in ice-creams and drinks. Malaysia hopes to start exporting the fruit more.	People celebrated the durian, a tropical fruit found in Malaysia and famous for its pungent smell and unusual taste. The Malaysian town of Bentong held its first International Durian Tourism Festival. Tourists flocked to the town to eat the savoury yet sweet fruit. Some think that it smells like sewage , rotting meat, or gym socks. The odour is so strong that its consumption is banned from hotels and public transport in Southeast Asia. Malaysia hopes to expand its export of the durian fruit, which people use in ice-creams and drinks.
This happens in Glasgow, Scotland. A group of men rob a jewellery shop. They rob it at noon. Some shoppers see the robbery happen. They are scared because the thieves are dangerous. There is one security guard. He tries to stop the gang, but they run away. They wear black and grey clothing. Police try to catch them.	Thieves robbed a jewellery shop in Glasgow at noon last Tuesday. Some nearby shoppers witnessed the robbery and captured the moment on video. They were shocked because the criminals were dangerous. There was a security guard who tried to apprehend the gang, but all of them ran away. They wore black and grey clothing. Police are now investigating the incident. Anyone with any information should contact them.	This video footage shows the moment shoppers in Glasgow fled in terror on Tuesday, as armed robbers tried to smash their way into a jeweller’s, in broad daylight. The gang of masked thieves, armed with hammers, targeted the Argyll Arcade which houses 30 jewellers and diamond merchants , at about midday. Smoke filled the historic city centre mall as the gang triggered anti- raid alarms, causing shocked customers to run outside in sheer panic. A security guard, dressed in his traditional uniform, complete with a top hat, can be seen trying to apprehend the gang. Their getaway, through thick smoke, was captured on video by stunned shoppers who were reportedly warned that they would be killed unless they moved. Witnesses said the suspects, who were wearing black and grey clothing, ran off down a nearby lane. Police are now investigating and are appealing for anyone with information to get in contact.
This news is about gravitational waves. Gravitational waves are like water waves. Put your finger in water and move it. You create water waves. Things that move in space create gravitational waves. People know about gravitational waves for a long time. Einstein told us about them. One hundred years later, people notice the waves. This is a historic moment. This can change science.	One hundred years ago, Einstein formed his theory of relativity. He also told us that space and time respond to matter within it. It is like putting your finger into a pond and moving your finger – you create water waves. The same thing happens with space and time. When mass moves through space-time, it creates gravitational waves. We knew about these waves for a hundred years, but only this year, people detected them. This is a great moment in the history of science. Four hundred years ago, Galileo looked to the sky and opened the age of modern astronomy. Now, we are entering the age of gravitational astronomy.	“Ladies and gentlemen… We have detected gravitational waves. We did it!” “A gravitational wave is a ripple in space and time. Einstein told us space and time respond to matter within it, and just like the surface of a pond if you put your finger into a pond and move it, you create water waves. The same thing happens as mass moves through space-time; it creates ripples, those are the gravitational waves. We’ve known about them nearly a hundred years, so one year or so after Einstein came up with his theory of general relativity, he discovered gravitational waves, but it’s taken this long to actually detect them. As a gravitational wave passes through space and time, it changes the distance between two objects that are just freely sitting there in space and time, and so what LIGO and gravitational wave detectors try and do is to create objects that are suspended in such a way that they’re free to move in some directions, and then when a gravitational wave moves past and changes the space and time, it actually changes the distance between these objects and then LIGO, for example, measures that distance change by bouncing a laser beam between these masses.” “What’s really exciting is what comes next. Four hundred years ago, Galileo turned a telescope to the sky and opened the era of modern observational astronomy. I think we’re doing something equally important here today. I think we’re opening a window on the universe, a window of gravitational wave astronomy.” “It is potentially possible, depending on how the universe started, that the echo from the very beginning, the earliest epoch in the universe may be detectable as a gravitational wave signal. Because the gravity waves are so weak they’ve been preserved pristinely and there will be an amazing way to view this very early epoch.”
In Ghana, it rains a lot. The water floods a petrol station. Petrol and water do not mix. The petrol flows on the surface of the water. The water carries the petrol. The petrol move far from the petrol station like this. It flows to a fire. The petrol gets on fire. There is an explosion. More than 90 people die.	Ghana experienced two days of torrential rain which caused a terrible accident. The water came into contact with petrol at a petrol station. Water and petrol do not mix – the petrol flowed on the surface of the water. The water ran far from the petrol station to where there was an open fire. The fire went from there. More than 90 people died in the explosion. At the time, most of the victims were in the petrol station forecourt because it was raining.	More than 90 people have been killed in an explosion at a petrol station in Ghana’s capital, Accra. Most of those who died had taken refuge in the forecourt during a bout of torrential rain . The blast was caused by a fire that erupted at a nearby lorry terminal, which then spread to the petrol station and nearby buildings. “It kept raining, so there was still rain water that was rising up and because it is a filling station, there was a lots of fuel particles around that got contaminated in the water. The fuel was not mixable with the water, it would definitely float. So it was floating on the surface of the water but it was rain water, so it was able to run from the filling station to a distance to where there was a naked fire, and the fire went from there.” Emergency crews continued to remove the bodies of some of the victims amid fears the death toll could rise. Initial signs suggested the fire started by accident. President John Mahama, who visited the area, said he was heartbroken over the tragic incident. “A lot of people have lost their lives. I’m very at a loss of words to express how I feel. Emergency services, including the military, the police, the fire service, were called out to come and help. They managed to rescue quite a large number of people but unfortunately a large number of people lost their lives.” Flooding is said to have hampered rescue efforts after the country experienced two days of torrential rain. Mahama blamed the floods partly on homes and businesses built on waterways, blocking the city’s drainage systems. “The time has come, you know, for us to remove houses out of water and the public should understand that it is necessary to save everybody else.” Parts of Accra have been left without power as the flooding damaged electricity sub stations, making ongoing energy shortages even worse. With forecasters predicting even more rain, it’s a worrying situation for a country already on its knees.
In Taipei, there is an exhibition . It is an exhibition of paintings. Many paintings are by Leonardo da Vinci. A boy is at the exhibition. He is next to a painting. He is listening to his teacher. He does not look where he’s going. He loses his balance . He pushes a hole in the painting. A camera films this. The painting is worth $1.5 million. The boy did not want to do this. He is not in trouble. People can fix the painting.	In Taipei, there is an exhibition of artwork by Leonardo da Vinci, and by artists who he influenced . One boy at the exhibition lost his balance and put his hand through a painting. That painting is worth around $1.5 million. A camera filmed the moment when this happened. You can see that the boy did not do this on purpose . He was probably listening to his teacher and was not looking where he was going. The exhibition organisers will not charge the boy. They say that the painting can be easily restored. However, this incident can make people think about protecting paintings in the future.	A trip to the art museum could have turned into a very costly trip for one child in Taiwan when he lost his balance and put his hand through a painting worth around $1.5 million. “Flowers” by Italian master Paolo Porpora was part of a Taipei exhibition of artwork by or influenced by Leonardo da Vinci. Organisers did not believe that the boy intentionally vandalised the oil painting, saying that it was obvious that he did not mean to push it. The exhibition organisers decided not to charge the boy for the damage and said that the painting could be easily restored . However, this made them reconsider displaying valuable paintings in the open .
Facebook is testing a new tool . It can help save lives. It is a type of message on Facebook. Local governments can use it to warn people. It can warn them about hurricanes, fires, or tell them if somebody is lost. Some users are testing it. Facebook asks 2,000 people some questions. Facebook wants to know if it is a good tool. Seventy-three percent of these people get to know something new. Forty-three people do something, thanks to the warning message . This tool is good. However, the batteries in phones and computers are not very good. When there is no electricity, you cannot use devices. It is also good to have a weather radio. Its batteries stay full longer. Some models also have solar panels. Some models have a piece that you can turn to create electricity.	Facebook is testing a new tool, which can send users alerts in case of an emergency. Facebook is rolling it out in the USA by the end of the year. Facebook says that local governments already used this tool to send alerts during Hurricane Barry when someone went missing or when there was a gas leak. In Facebook’s own survey of 2,000 users, 73% of users learned something new, and 43% took action after seeing the alert. However, one American organization says that people also should have weather radios. Their batteries last longer, some models have solar panels, and some have a piece that you can turn to make electricity. For example, that could be very useful because in Puerto Rico people did not have electricity for 11 months after Hurricane Maria hit them two years ago.	Facebook has been testing an emergency alert tool since early 2018, and they are rolling it out across the USA by the end of the year. The tool can send alerts to the top of users’ feed in cases of emergency. Local authorities can also choose specific users in affected counties, cities or even neighborhoods. Facebook says that local governments have already used the tool to send alerts during Hurricane Barry when somebody went missing or when there was a gas leak. In Facebook’s own survey of 2,000 users, 73% of the users learned something new, and 43% took action after seeing the alert. However, the National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration says that people should not rely only on their smartphones. Every home should have a weather radio because its batteries last longer, and some models have solar panels or a hand crank . For example, it took 11 months to fully restore electricity in Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria struck two years ago.
Hurricane Michael hits the USA. It is the strongest hurricane since 1992. The winds blow 250 kilometres per hour. The hurricane kills 17 people. It completely destroys one town in Florida. Only a few buildings are OK.	Hurricane Michael is the strongest hurricane to hit the USA since 1992, and it has killed at least 17 people. Michael wreaked havoc across the south-eastern states of America. It completely destroyed one town in Florida, and left only a few buildings standing. The winds reached speeds of up to 250 kilometres per hour.	Hurricane Michael is the strongest hurricane to make landfall in the continental US since 1992, and it has killed at least 17 people. Michael wreaked havoc across the south-eastern states of America, completely reducing one town in Florida to rubble . It left only a few buildings standing after the 250 kilometre-per-hour winds hit the coastal town of 1,072 residents.
This news is about a robot. It looks like a woman. She works in a shopping centre in Japan. She greets the customers . The robot speaks Japanese. She can also speak Chinese and Korean. The robot cannot answer questions. It cannot handle complaints . Humans are still better.	A robot greets customers in a Japanese department store chain . The robot looks like a woman and works as a receptionist there. People programmed her to speak Japanese, but she can also speak Chinese and Korean. Some visitors were surprised by the level of today’s technology. However, the people did not program the robot to answer questions or handle complaints – human receptionists don’t need to worry about their jobs. The robot will work at the store until May 5th. The company will then decide what to do next.	She can smile and she can sing. Customers to Japan’s oldest department store  chain are greeted by this robot who has just started work as a receptionist there. She’s been programmed to speak Japanese but can also be fine-tuned to speak in Chinese and Korean, too. And the life-like android marked her first day at work with a song. Well, perhaps lip-synced her way through most of it. After the performance, the robot asked for applause for the opera singer. Oops! Well, she’s just a robot, after all! For some of the visitors, the android was quite an eye-opener. “I’m just so surprised that humans have developed machine  engineering to this point.” Her future is uncertain but she will be at the store’s entrance welcoming customers until May 5th. The company said it will decide next month whether humans will return to this post or not. But receptionists worldwide probably don’t need to worry too much. At the moment, she isn’t programmed to handle complaints or questions.
This news is about the Canadian Navy . When a ship comes back, people choose one marine . He leaves the ship first. His girlfriend or wife waits for him. They meet and kiss. This is the naval first kiss. Now it is 2016, and the Canadian Navy supports gay marines. When one ship returns, people choose a gay marine. His partner waits for him. He is also a marine. They kiss.	Whenever a naval ship returns to port, people select one crew member to go first. He disembarks first and kisses his partner. This is the traditional naval first kiss. The partner waiting for the crewmember is usually a girlfriend or wife, but the Royal Canadian Navy wanted to show people that it supports same-sex relationships. As a Canadian ship returned to port after 255 days, people selected a gay crewmember. His partner, who is also a marine , welcomed him and they kissed. All of this happened in front of a cheering crowd in Victoria, British Colombia.	Reunited after 8.5 months apart, this is the moment Master Seaman Francis Legare shares a first kiss with his partner Corey. But there’s more emotion than those months apart behind this kiss because they are the first same-sex couple to share the traditional naval moment of the first kiss. Whenever a vessel returns to port, one crewmember is selected to disembark first, and kiss their significant other. This time it was Master Seaman Francis Legare, who’d been aboard Her Majesty’s Canadian Ship Winnipeg for 255 days. He was picked to meet his partner in front of a cheering crowd in Victoria, British Colombia. Afterwards, he said it was great to be supported by the navy and that it sends a strong message, while his crew mates said it sets the tone for the way the navy is and what they embrace .
The US state California has many wildfires . The weather is often dry and hot there. When a fire starts there, it moves very quickly. It is not easy to stop it. More than 650 fires happen in California recently. The fires burn 2,000 square miles. They destroy more than 1,400 buildings. Firefighters work very hard to stop the fires. Luckily, the weather gets better. Firefighters stop all the fires. People can go back to their homes. However, many houses are destroyed. Then, storms come. New fires start. Firefighters stop all the new fires. The situation is not dangerous now. However, seven people die in these fires. More fires are in other US states, too.	Hot dry weather often causes fires in the US state of California. This time, more than 650 fires burned 2,000 square miles, and they destroyed over 1,400 buildings in Northern California. Two of the blazes were among the biggest in California´s history. After many dry days, the weather improved a little, which helped firefighters stop all fires. People started to return to their destroyed homes; however, between Tuesday and Wednesday, more than 400 lightning strikes caused new fires. Luckily, firefighters got all the new fires under control. A helicopter pilot and six other people died in these fires. Currently, fires are also burning in Colorado, Arizona, Utah, and New Mexico.	In California, more than 650 fires burned 2,000 square miles, and they destroyed over 1,400 homes and other structures. Two of the major blazes rank second and third among the largest in California history. As gusty winds had decreased and residents started to return to scenes of devastation , dry lightning strikes triggered new fires. Between Tuesday and Wednesday alone, California had more than 400 reported lightning strikes that triggered 50 new fires. Luckily, all of them were contained . Seven people have died in these fires, including a helicopter pilot who died in a crash while he was responding to a blaze. Additional fires are burning in Colorado, Arizona, Utah, and New Mexico.
Vietnamese officials report new cases of the coronavirus. This is after almost three months. Not many people are sick with the coronavirus in Vietnam. However, the government worries that the virus can spread fast. A second outbreak of the disease can be in Vietnam. 11 new cases are in the city of Da Nang. Officials decide to evacuate about 80,000 people. It means that these people must leave the city. Officials have a plan to evacuate the city in only four days. Each day, about 100 flights take these people to other cities. Researchers are checking the new coronavirus cases. Researchers think that a new type of the virus comes. It is possible that the new type will be more infectious .	The Vietnamese government did a good job, and the country managed to keep the number of coronavirus cases low. However, in some places, there are new cases after nearly three months. Last weekend, the Vietnamese government decided to evacuate about 80,000 people from the city of Da Nang. On Monday, the city reported 11 new cases, and officials worry that it could be the start of a second outbreak . Officials want to reduce the risk of the second outbreak, and they plan to evacuate 11,000 tourists, who are mainly domestic . The plan is to evacuate the people in four days, and there will be about 100 flights between Da Nang and other Vietnamese cities every day to take these tourists home. Researchers in the country said that there could be a new type of coronavirus, which could be more infectious.	Tens of thousands of tourists will be evacuated from a Vietnamese resort city after officials have confirmed that residents tested positive for COVID-19. Over the weekend, the Vietnamese government decided that about 80,000 people should leave the city of Da Nang after it reported 11 new coronavirus infections after three months. According to officials, the evacuation process will take four days, and the effort is to get ahead of a potential second outbreak. Vietnam has now over 430 confirmed cases of COVID-19 and no reported deaths. Medical researchers in the country are also investigating the possibility that the new COVID-19 cases are a new strain of the virus. The Vietnamese Ministry of Health said that this strain was more infectious than the original one.
Traditionally, ballet shoes are pink. They do not come in more colours. This is a problem for people who are not white. Pink ballet shoes do not look good on dark skin. People must paint them with make-up. This takes time. One black man wants to change this. He talks about this on the Internet. A ballet shoes manufacturer contacts him. The manufacturer starts to make ballet shoes in more colours. This can make ballet more diverse .	Traditionally, ballet shoes come in a pink colour, but now a manufacturer will produce them in darker skin tones as well. This idea came from a black soloist at the Royal Ballet in London. Every time he performed to with bare legs, he had to paint make-up onto his shoes to match his skin. He didn’t want to waste his time, so he went to social media where a ballet shoe manufacturer contacted him. The colour was even named after the dancer – Eric. More importantly, this paves the way to greater inclusion in the ballet world.	Traditionally, ballet shoes are in a pink colour, which means that non-white dancers had to paint make-up onto their shoes when performing with bare legs. Soloist at the Royal Ballet, Eric Underwood, became frustrated at wasting valuable warm-up time before shows and the marks left behind when he danced, so he went to social media to vent his frustration. This lead to a leading ballet shoe manufacturer to recognise the need for darker flesh tones and get in touch with him. People named the colour after the dancer Eric, but more importantly, the change paves the way to greater inclusion in the ballet world.
In the USA, people celebrate Black History Month. They celebrate it every February. People hold events this month. The events are about African Americans and African American history. An African American woman writes to the White House. She says that she would like to meet Obama. He invites her. The woman is 106 years old. But she is full of energy. She even starts to dance with the Obamas! She is very happy.	Each February, the USA celebrates Black History Month. This February, the White House hosted events to celebrate African Americans. In 2014, a 106-year-old African American woman wrote to the White House and said that she would love to meet Obama and his family. He heard her request . The old woman, who is from South Carolina, lived through segregation and the civil rights movement . She waited 100 years to meet the first black president of the USA. She was really happy when her dream came true. She even started dancing with the Obamas in the White House.	“Hey!” “How are you?” “I’m fine.” She’s waited over a century to see a black president in office, so how else do you celebrate meeting Obama then to dance? “She’s dancing. C’mon! So what’s the secret to still dancing at 106?” And that’s exactly what 106-year-old Virginia McLaurin did. So excited was the South Carolina native to meet the US president and first lady, that she couldn’t help but bust out some moves. Having lived through segregation and the civil rights movement, Virginia expressed her amazement and gratitude at meeting Obama. “I tell you, I am so happy.” “We are happy to have you.” “A black president!” “Look at him.” “Yay!” Mrs McLaurin filed a White House petition in 2014, saying she’d love to meet Obama and his family, and her request was heard. As part of Black History Month, the White House had been hosting events to celebrate African Americans past and present who shaped the US. And after her hundred-year wait, Virginia made sure she made an effort for her memorable trip to the White House. “Look at those nails! Woo-hoo!”
This news is about a teenager. He is from Great Britain. He is fifteen years old. He helps at a university. He studies data . This data is from cameras. These cameras pick up light. The light comes from distant stars. Sometimes, a planet is in front of the stars. When there’s a planet, the light changes. The boy sees this in the data. He finds a planet like this. Experts say that he is right. His planet is 1,000 light years away. It does not have a name yet. The boy plans to study physics.	A British teenager was helping out at a university. He was studying data from cameras which are in South Africa. These cameras pick up light from distant stars. Sometimes, planets pass in front of the stars and the intensity of the light decreases . The 15-year-old discovered a planet like this. Scientists now know for sure that the planet exists. It is located about 1,000 light years away, and it is waiting to be named. When he finishes school, the teen plans to study physics at university.	He’s got a work experience story to beat all others. Tom Wagg was helping out at Keele University in Staffordshire when he discovered a planet. Yes, a planet! Tom made the discovery by studying data collected by the Wide Angle Search for Planets cameras located in South Africa. The cameras pick up light from distant stars and occasionally planets pass in front of the stars, causing a tiny  dip in the light. It all happened two years ago when Tom was only 15 and scientists have been trying to confirm the existence of the planet he saw ever since. It’s located about 1,000 light years away and doesn’t yet have a name but a competition has been launched to find one. Tom said it was a relief to hear his discovery was confirmed and said some of it comes down to luck. He plans to study physics at university when he finishes school.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is on safari in South Africa. He is in a car. The car is not moving. An elephant comes close to the car. It moves around the car slowly. The car starts to move. The elephant starts to run behind the car. This is a little scary. Schwarzenegger films this. He shares the video with his 5.4 million followers on Instagram. He says that people should not kill elephants.	The Terminator met an elephant. While on safari in South Africa, Arnold Schwarzenegger had a very close encounter with an elephant. He shared the video with his 5.4 million followers on Instagram just after it happened. An elephant was moving around his car. When the car started to move, it started running behind it. The experience did not put Schwarzenegger off . He tweeted that people should stop killing elephants, and that they should take a photo, not a shot .	While on safari in South Africa, Arnold Schwarzenegger, the American actor known for playing the Terminator, had a very close encounter with an elephant. Someone filmed a video of the elephant getting a little too close to the car, which he shared with his 5.4 million followers on Instagram just after it happened. The dramatic meeting, however, did not put him off elephants. He tweeted that he is in awe of them and wishes people would stop killing them for their ivory and to take a photo instead of a shot .
This news is about a whale calf . It gets caught in shark nets. It happens off of Australia’s Gold Coast. People help the calf. They arrive at the scene . They start to work. They work for 45 minutes. The whale mother is nearby. She swims around. After 45 minutes, the calf is free. It swims away with its mother.	A whale calf was caught in shark nets off Australia’s Gold Coast, and rescuers arrived at the scene to get to work. It took them 45 minutes to free the whale. The mother swam around as they worked. The little whale had only superficial wounds , and later people saw it swimming away with its mother.	Aerial and underwater footage shows Sea World rescuers free a whale calf which became caught in shark nets off of Australia’s Gold Coast. The calf’s mother swam around its baby as rescuers arrived at the scene and got to work. The disentanglement was successful and the animal was free after 45 minutes. The calf only had some superficial wounds from its ordeal , and people later saw it s wimming away with its mother after they released it.
People in Thailand protest against the government. They protest in the last five months. People want better laws. Also, people are not happy with the prime minister. They want him to end his job. The prime minister gets to power in 2014. But soldiers help him. Last week´s protests are very violent. Police use tear gas and water cannons . They also shoot at people. More than 50 people are hurt. Some people use big yellow pool ducks to protect themselves. The ducks become a symbol of the protests. Another protest takes place in Bangkok. People protest against police violence. They meet before a police station. They try to break the building.	People in Thailand protested against the government. The movement started five months ago, and they wanted to change the constitution . They also wanted the prime minister to leave his job. The Thai prime minister got to power in 2014 with the help of military. During the protests, police fired at people, and they injured at least 50 of them. Police also used tear gas and water cannons, and protesters used big pool ducks to protect against the water cannons. The yellow ducks became a symbol of the protests. Last week, thousands of people gathered in Bangkok. They protested against police violence. They met outside the police headquarters and they tried to damage the building.	Thousands of protesters gathered in Bangkok to condemn police use of tear gas and water cannon jets against to them. Demonstrators gathered outside the national police headquarters, and they sprayed graffiti and splashed paint. Previously, more than 50 people were injured during the violent clashes with police. A youth-led movement has had regular demonstrations for the past five months, and it was the worst night of violence when live ammunition was used for the first time. Protesters used giant inflatable pool ducks to protect against water cannons that were fired during demonstrations, and the yellow ducks have now become mascots of the movement. The movement demands change to the constitution and the removal of the prime minister, who seized power in a military coup in 2014, and a reform to the monarchy.
Prince is a musician. He becomes famous in the 1970s. He sells 100 million records . He wins 7 Grammys, an Oscar and a Golden Globe. He is a creative musician. Some of his famous songs are “Purple Rain”, “Kiss” and “When Doves Cry”. Prince is 57. He dies. People find his body at his home. His home is in Minnesota. Prince’s death is another shock for the entertainment industry . Famous people talk about it on Twitter.	Prince, one of the best-selling artists of all time, died at the age of 57. People discovered his body at his home in Minnesota on Thursday morning. It was another shock to the entertainment industry this year, and many other stars took to Twitter in shock and sadness. He was born Prince Rogers Nelson and he rose to fame in the mid 1970s. In his lifetime, he sold over 100 million records, won 7 Grammys, won an Oscar and won a Golden Globe. People widely acclaimed him as one of the most inventive musicians of his era with the songs “Purple Rain”, “Kiss” and “When Doves Cry” among his biggest hits.	Prince, one of the best-selling artists of all time, has died at the age of 57. His body was discovered at his Paisley Park home in Minnesota on Thursday morning. Just days earlier, his private jet had been forced to make an emergency landing in Illinois as a case of flu worsened. He was briefly hospitalised but appeared in concert the next day and told fans he was fine. He was born Prince Rogers Nelson and rose to fame in the mid 1970s. In his lifetime, he sold over 100 million records, won 7 Grammys, an Oscar and a Golden Globe. “This is very unbelievable. I could’ve never imagined this in my wildest dreams.” He was widely acclaimed as one of the most inventive musicians of his era with songs “Purple Rain”, “Kiss” and “When Doves Cry” among his biggest hits. It’s another shock to the entertainment industry this year, and many other stars have taken to Twitter in shock and sadness. Samuel L. Jackson has tweeted he is shocked. Justin Timberlake said he’s numb . Duran Duran tweeted they’re devastated. And Katy Perry said, “the world’s lost some magic.”
This news is from Hungary. Hungary is a country in central Europe. The country is in debt . The government wants to make the debt smaller. It wants to tax the Internet. A lot of people don’t like this. Around 100,000 people protest. They are at a square. They hold up their mobile phones and light up the square. The square is in front of a government building. Some people go to the building. They break some windows.	Thousands of Hungarians protested in Budapest against a planned tax on Internet data transfers. People held up their mobile phones and lit up the square in front of the Economy Ministry. Some people also went to nearby government buildings and broke some windows. If the government passes the new law, Internet service  providers will have to pay $2.89 per individual subscriber and $20.65 per business subscriber every month. The government says that it’s trying to reduce the country’s debt , but people think that the government wants to reduce their freedom instead.	Thousands of Hungarians protested in Budapest for the second time in three days on Tuesday against a planned new tax on Internet data transfers. People opposing the tax say the move would not only increase the tax burden but would also curb  fundamental democratic rights and freedoms. The rally on Sunday was organised by a Facebook group which has over 210,000 supporters. Protesters reportedly numbering over 100,000 gathered in front of the Economy Ministry. They held up their mobile phones, lighting up the square in front of the building. It’s been reported some also went to the nearby headquarters of the ruling party and threw outdated computer parts at the building, breaking some windows. Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban’s government, which has been widely accused of adopting anti-democratic policies, first unveiled the plans for the new tax late on Tuesday. Protesters called on Orban to withdraw the plan to force Internet service providers to pay 700 Forints, the equivalent to $2.89, per individual subscriber and 5,000 Forints, the equivalent to $20.65, per business subscriber every month. Initially, the tax was set to be 150 Forints per gigabyte of Internet traffic, but Orban’s ruling party said it would set a cap on the levy . The government has said that it’s trying to reduce the country’s debt, but many Hungarians see it as an attempt to restrict their freedom.
In 1930, a women flew from England to Australia. Now, another woman does this again. She flies 21,000 kilometres. She flies through 23 countries. The flight takes her twenty days. She flies in an old Boeing. This Boeing is from 1942. The plane has an open cockpit . The pilot is not protected from the weather.	In 1930, a woman flew from England to Australia. She was the first woman to do this. Now, a British adventurer paid tribute to that woman by flying from England to Australia again. The adventurer flew 21,000 kilometres across 23 countries. It took her twenty days. She flew in an old Boeing 1942 Stearman. The plane has an open cockpit which means that the pilot is exposed . The woman said that the flight was really tiring. The plane will now go to America. Later in 2016, it will fly across the USA.	After flying some 13,000 miles (21,000 kilometres) across 23 countries, British adventurer Tracy Curtis Taylor touches down in Darwin, Australia after a twenty-day solo flight in a biplane from England. Her trip was to pay  tribute to Amy Johnson’s famous flight in 1930, when she became the first female pilot to fly solo from England to Australia. “My flight is very much a tribute to her, so it is yet celebrating what the pioneers achieved and what women achieve now in aviation, as well.” Curtis Taylor left England at the start of October in this, a Boeing 1942 Stearman, which has a simple stick and rudder for controls in an open cockpit, exposing a pilot to the elements. “As you can see, it’s fairly devastating on the skin and the hair and so forth, so it’s tiring, it’s really tiring, it’s the noise, the vibration, the exposure …” The plane will now be shipped to America and flown across the United States to complete a world flight later in 2016.
Beirut is the capital city of Lebanon. On Tuesday, a big explosion happens in Beirut. The explosion happens in the port . At first, nobody knows what makes the explosion. Some media say that a fireworks warehouse explodes. However, later, officials have more information. Officials say that a warehouse of chemicals explodes. It seems that the warehouse is not safe. People in the warehouse do not keep the chemicals well. The explosion kills more than 100 people. Hundreds of people end up in hospital. Many people say that the explosion breaks their windows. It destroys many houses. The explosion affects the whole city.	On Tuesday, there was a huge explosion in Beirut, the capital city of Lebanon. At first, it was not clear why the explosion happened. Some media informed that an accident happened at a fireworks warehouse . However, later, officials said that the explosion happened at a warehouse of chemicals. 2,750 tons of chemicals exploded because the storage was not safe. More than 100 people died in the explosion, and hundreds of people ended up in hospital. Authorities must find out the level of damage; however, it is clear that the damage is very big and it has impacted the whole city.	A large blast shook Lebanon´s capital Beirut, causing widespread damage. The explosion occured in the port area of the city; however, residents reported windows being shattered miles away from the blast. Lebanon´s Health Minister, Hamad Hassan, said that hundreds of people have been wounded in the explosion. The cause of the explosion was not immediately known. Some local media pointed to a fire at a fireworks warehouse. However, later, officials said that the blast was caused by 2,750 tons of ammonium nitrate that was stored unsafely in a warehouse near the city´s port. Authorities are still struggling to establish the full scale of the damage, as rescue efforts continue. The explosion killed at least 100 people, and the impact is devastating for the city.
Scientists watch how much people drink. They start watching in 1990. In 1990, the typical person drinks 5.9 litres of alcohol a year. That is around one drink a day. In 1990, 45% of people drink. In 2017, people drink more. They drink 6.5 litres a year. That is more than in 1990. That is around eight drinks a week. More people drink, too. Around 47% of people drink in 2017. In 2030, it is possible that 50% of people will drink. People are drinking more. More people are drinking. Alcohol can be dangerous. Scientists say that 3 million people die because of alcohol every year.	Scientists study how much people drink between 1990 and 2017. The study is global, and it includes everyone older than 15. In 1990, the average person drank 5.9 litres of pure alcohol per year. In 2017, the number was up to 6.5 litres a year. For 2017, such amount of alcohol is a drink every day. If this trend continues, the average person will drink eight drinks a week. Not only are people drinking more, more people are drinking, too. Around 45% of people drank in 1990, and 47% of people drank in 2017. This can rise to 50% by 2030. Drinking alcohol can be dangerous. The World Health Organisation says that 3 million people die because of alcohol every year.	Researchers conducted a study on global alcohol consumption and found that it is rising. The researchers carried the study out between 1990 and 2017, and they focused on the annual amount of alcohol consumed per person over 15 years old. In 1990, the average person consumed 5.9 litres of pure alcohol and in 2017, consumed 6.5 litres. This amount of alcohol translates to a little more than one drink a day. If alcohol consumption rises, the average person will have just over eight drinks a week. Not only are people drinking more per person, but more people are drinking. Around 45% of people drank in 1990, a number that rose to 47% in 2017 and can rise to 50% in 2030. Alcohol consumption can be a big health problem. The World Health Organisation reports that 3 million people die because of alcohol every year, and alcohol plays a big role in over 200 diseases. The authors of the study say that the rise in alcohol consumption comes from a rise of wealth . The largest rise in wealth happened in India and Vietnam.
During the Korean War, some Korean families are separated . Some of the family  members live in the north of Korea, and some members live in the south of Korea. They cannot meet each other. They cannot phone each other. They are completely separated. Now, North and South Korea hold reunions . People can meet at the border . The reunion is very emotional. People can see each other after 60 years!	The 1950 to 1953 Korean War separated many Korean families. Members of those families could not communicate with each other, and they did not even know if their family was alive. For the first time in 60 years, South and North Korea agreed to hold reunions . About 400 South Koreans travelled to the border to meet 96 of their North Korean family members. South Korean families were told to avoid a long list of topics, including the North’s political situation or living standards. They were even given a guidebook on what to talk about.	It’s taken 60 years, but now families torn apart by the 1950-53 Korean War are reunited. Nearly 400 South Koreans crossed the heavily armed border into North Korea to see family members for the first time in more than six decades. The two Koreas are divided and remain in a technical state of war, but agreed to hold the reunions after negotiating the end of a standoff at the military border. Emotions ran high during the reunion. Families separated since the war have no means of communication and often don’t know if relatives on the other side are surviving. In the first round of reunions on Tuesday, 96 North Koreans and their families met about 400 people travelling from the South. The second round on Saturday will reunite about 190 North Koreans with 90 South Koreans and their families. South Korean participants are advised to steer clear  of a long list of topics, including the North’s political leadership or living standards. Participants are even given a guidebook on appropriate subjects to discuss with their North Korean kin . An emotional day for all involved, with many, but not all, questions answered from the six-decade separation.
This news is from Paris. There are protests every weekend. This weekend is the 14th weekend of protests. A group of people called ‘yellow vests’ protest. This weekend, some of them see a man. He is a 69-year-old Jewish philosopher. They shout anti-Semitic insults at him. In the centre of Paris, thousands of people protest. The police stop them. The French president does not like this.	Yellow vests are a group of people who are protesting in France, and they have a protest every weekend. This weekend was the 14th protest. A small group of protesters shouted anti-Semitic insults at a man. He is a 69-year-old Jewish philosopher, and the police came to protect him from possible violence . In the centre of Paris, thousands of people protested. Police broke them up. The French president said that things like this are the opposite of what makes France great.	Yellow vest protests have taken place in Paris for the 14th consecutive weekend. A small group of them shouted anti-Semitic insults at a 69-year-old Jewish philosopher. The police later arrived in the video to protect the man from possible violence. In the Parisian city centre, police used tear gas to break up thousands of protesters. The French president said that these situations are the absolute opposite of what makes France great.
This news is from Istanbul. Around 24 inches (61 centimetres) of snow fall there. This causes trouble. Around 800 traffic accidents happen. More than 300 planes cannot fly. The Bosphorus Strait is in Istanbul. It is very important. Many ships sail through it. The snow causes the strait to close. The ships must wait.	The Bosphorus Strait divides Istanbul into its Asian and European parts. It is also an important shipping channel . Around 115 million tons of petroleum products go through there every year. People often close the strait in winter months because of bad weather. Around 24 inches (61 centimetres) of snow fell in two days recently – more than thirteen ships had to wait. The snow also caused around 800 traffic accidents in Istanbul. People cancelled more than 300 flights.	A snowstorm in Istanbul has forced the closure of a key shipping channel. The Bosphorus Strait divides Istanbul into Asian and European districts, but around 24 inches (61 centimetres) of snow has fallen in two days, leaving at least 13 ships waiting to enter the strait at both ends. Some 10,000 tankers carry 115 million tons of petroleum products through the narrow, winding strait each year. It’s not unusual for the strait to close – maritime authorities regularly shut it in winter months due to reduced visibility, raising cargo cost. The snow has also affected travel across the rest of the country with more than 300 scheduled flights grounded by Turkish Airlines. Members of the Beşiktaş football team have also been stranded at the airport. The Istanbul side is scheduled to play Liverpool in England on Thursday. And icy roads is said to have led to more than 800 traffic accidents since late on Tuesday.
A pilot does something dangerous. He is 57 years old. He flies over a canal in Greece. He performs special tricks. The canal is 6.4 kilometres long. It is around 21 metres wide. The plane’s wings are 8 metres long. There is not much space for the plane! The pilot flies under a bridge at the end. He flies in a circle, too.	A 57 year-old daredevil pilot flew over a canal in Greece. He performed dramatic manoeuvres and risky tricks. The canal was 6.4 kilometres long and more than 21 metres wide. The man’s plane had a wingspan of 8 metres. There was not much space left for the plane. After crossing the canal, the pilot flew under a bridge, and performed amazing loops around the bridge.	This daredevil pilot passed the Corinth Canal in Greece with flying colours , as he showed off his skills performing tricks across the sky. Fifty-seven-year-old Peter Besenyei glided over the canal which is 6.4 kilometres long, performing dramatic manoeuvres and risky tricks. After crossing the canal, here he continues his flight under the bridge of Corinthos and performed a grand finale of impressive loop-the-loops around the bridge. The aerobatic expert’s plane had a wingspan of 8 metres, not much less than the 21.4 metres that the canal measures at its narrowest point. Peter has previously worked as an aerobatics flying instructor and once completed an upside down flight under the Chain Bridge in Budapest.
Kim Jong Un is the leader of North Korea. He has a wife. They watch a contest . In this contest, planes shoot at things. North Korea wants to show its power. North Korea wants to test a nuclear bomb. Other countries worry about this.	Kim Jong Un and his wife arrived at a flight combat contest. The couple watched the country’s air force firing targets on the ground. North Korea wants to show the world that it is a powerful country. North Korea also threatens to carry out a nuclear test. Other countries worry that this country may be on its way to a nuclear arsenal .	North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and his wife Ri Sol Ju arrive at a flight combat contest. The couple joined other senior officials to watch the country’s air force firing targets on the ground. It comes, as the North renewed threats to conduct a nuclear test, heightening concerns that the reclusive state may set off an atomic device for the fourth time on the path to building an arsenal. Despite facing heavy UN sanctions, the country has defied pressure to abandon its missile and nuclear programmes, and this latest footage will have been a bit to show the world, and in particular neighbouring South Korea, that they’re a force to be reckoned with .
This news is from a town in Victoria, Australia. The people there have problems with tumbleweeds . This summer is dry, so there are a lot of tumbleweeds. The tumbleweeds are everywhere. They block doors, windows and gardens. They come from a field. No one maintains this field. The council does not help the people in the town. The council says that the tumbleweeds are not a “fire risk”.	Tumbleweeds blocked doors, windows and gardens in a town in Victoria, Australia. People there call the tumbleweeds “hairy panic”. The conditions were very dry this summer, which means that now there are a lot of tumbleweeds. People think that this is coming from a local field which a farmer does not maintain. The local council refused to help the people because the tumbleweeds are not a fire risk.	“We’ve got a table and eight chairs and a daybed and probably a few plants.” There’s a hairy panic in this rural town in Victoria Australia – tumbleweed ’s taken over Wangaratta, with doors, windows and gardens getting clogged up by the weeds . “I spent eight hours yesterday cleaning up the tumbleweed, and this is what I’ve got today.” According to local media, the tumbleweed, which is called hairy panic, has been around for a couple of years, but this summer, conditions have been dry, making it the worst yet. “It is frustrating, you know, that you got a good couple of hours’ work ahead of you and that’s always a sort of displeasing .” The local council’s apparently refused to help homeowners with the clean-up as the weeds are not a fire risk. Residents reckon it’s coming from a local field that’s not being maintained by a farmer. Just slightly more tumbleweed then you see rolling by in a Western movie!
Tigers are in danger. They are losing their habitat . People kill them and sell them. Some Chinese people use tiger body parts as medicine . Seventy per cent of tigers live in India. There are 2,226 tigers in 47 Indian tiger reserves . India tries to help the tigers. India says that the situation for the tigers gets better.	The world has lost 97 per cent of its tiger population in just over a century. Tigers face dangers of habitat loss and poaching . The trade with tiger body parts grows, especially in China, where they are used as medicine. India is trying to save its tiger population and says that the situation is getting better. We can thank forest guards and wildlife activists. India has 70 per cent of the world’s tiger population. There are 2,226 tigers in India’s 47 tiger reserves.	India is home to 70 per cent of the world’s tigers, according to the 2014 census . Tigers are increasingly vulnerable to extinction , as they face the dangers of poaching, killing and habitat loss, despite various conservation efforts . The World Wildlife Fund says the world has lost 97 per cent of its tiger population in just over a century. India has been struggling to keep its tiger population intact , but the country’s environment minister said the new figures revealed that progress had been made. “Our latest estimate today is that India has 70 per cent of the world’s tiger population. And, we have now 2,226 tigers presently in 47 tiger reserves. And this is a great achievement! It’s a net increase of 20 per cent over the last estimation.” The environment minister also applauded the efforts of forest guards and wildlife activists in helping protect the tigers. The trade in animal skin and bones is booming, especially in places like China, where fur, whiskers, organs and bones are still used, despite the ban on tiger parts in medicines.
Kim Jong-un is the leader of North Korea. He likes to appear in public . He goes to many meetings and events. However, recently, he does not appear in public so often. People and media do not know why. Some media say that Kim has a heart operation. Different media say that he can be dead. Last week, Kim meets with other officials. The meeting is unusual. Kim does not come too close to other people. He keeps away. It is possible that it is because of the coronavirus. However, nobody is wearing a face mask. The officials speak about business and life in North Korea. They do not speak about the coronavirus. Officials say that the coronavirus is not in North Korea. However, many people do not believe it.	The leader of North Korea, Kim Jong-un has not appeared in public often in recent months. This is very unusual, and many people speculate about the reasons. Last week, Kim chaired a meeting with other politicians, and it seemed that Kim tried to keep away from them. However, no one wore a face mask during the meeting. The politicians spoke about business and about life in North Korea; however, they did not talk about the coronavirus. North Korea officials say that the country has no confirmed cases of COVID-19, which is hard to believe. South Korea, the neighbor of North Korea, said that it is possible that the coronavirus is in North Korea.	The supreme leader of North Korea, Kim Jong-un, has made an unusually small number of appearances in recent months. Last week, Kim led a meeting of the country´s ruling Worker´s Party. In a rare video appearance, Kim seemed to be socially distancing from the other members of the meeting; however, no one who was sitting at the large table was wearing a face mask. Officials had gathered to discuss the economy and living conditions; however, the state media report that the meeting made no mention of the coronavirus pandemic. North Korean authorities insist that the country has no confirmed cases of COVID-19, despite the fact that intelligence sources from neighboring South Korea say that an outbreak in North Korea cannot be ruled out .
Dutch pranksters go to a museum. They have some pictures with them. These pictures are cheap . They are from IKEA . However, nobody knows this. The pranksters let people talk about the pictures. The people do not know that the pictures are from IKEA. The people talk about the pictures. They say what is great about them. In the end, the pranksters tell the people that the pictures are from IKEA. Many of them laugh. Some are not so happy.	Dutch YouTube pranksters placed cheap pictures from IKEA in a museum of modern art, and asked art lovers for an appraisal . The people could not tell that the pictures were cheap IKEA pictures – they thought they were some great works of art. They talked about modernity, symbolism, emotion – the usual talk… The pranksters told the people that they were IKEA pictures in the end. Most of them saw the funny side. Some were not so happy about it.	Dutch YouTube pranksters managed to trick more than a dozen art lovers into thinking that a cheap print from IKEA was a valuable work of modern art. The team placed the cheap canvas on display in a museum of modern art in the Netherlands and asked the art lovers for an appraisal , saying that the art was by a famous Swedish artist called ‘Ike Andrews’. Apparently , nearly all of the 20 people interviewed fell for the lie; they talked of modernity, symbolism, emotion – the usual talk of an ‘expert’. The team eventually revealed its IKEA hoax and a majority of the art lovers saw the funny side but not all were pleased about being duped .
Mallorca is a Spanish island. A ferry goes from Mallorca to Spain. The ferry gets on fire. We don’t know why. A man films the ferry. Black smoke comes from it. There are 156 people on board . They leave in life boats . All 156 of them are OK.	A ferry was going from Mallorca, which is a Spanish island, to the Spanish mainland . Something caused a fire and the ferry began to burn. Someone on another ferry close by filmed the burning ferry. The captain of the burning ferry did not initially want to evacuate the boat, but people left in life boats. All 156 people were rescued.	This footage uploaded to social media shows a ferry burning on its journey between Mallorca and Valencia on Tuesday. The ferry carrying 156 people was captured  ablaze by a transport worker who filmed the boat from another ferry close by. Dark smoke can be seen pouring from the windows and flames can be seen in the centre of the boat. Emergency services have rescued all 156 people on board. The evacuation took place about an hour after the ferry left Mallorca. Operator Acciona says in a statement on Tuesday that the cause of the fire was yet to be established . Although the captain did not initially want to evacuate the ferry, passengers and crew eventually left the burning vessel in life boats.
This news is from Norway. It is about electric cars . In 2013, only 5.5% of new cars are electric. In 2018, it is 33%. This is a world record. People in Norway have a plan. They want to have all new cars be electric in 2025. This is a big plan. The government wants to help people buy electric cars. For example, if you buy an electric car in Norway, you do not have to pay for parking.	Norway has a plan for 2025. It wants all new cars which people buy there to be electric. It looks like the plan is working. In 2018, the country set a world record for electric car sales when one third of all new cars were 100 percent electric. Five years ago, only 5.5 percent of new cars were electric. Norway’s 2025 plan is very ambitious , but the government offers help if you buy a new electric car. You can have free parking and you do not have to pay some taxes .	By 2025, Norway has a plan for all new cars to have zero emissions , and it is possible to achieve this goal. In 2018, almost one third of all new vehicles sold in Norway were already 100 percent electric. People reported it to be a world record for yearly vehicle sales. This shows a growing trend in Norway where electric vehicle sales were only 5.5 percent five years ago. Norway’s 2025 plan is very ambitious , but the government is trying to convince people to make the switch by offering a lot of incentives like free parking and not having to pay some taxes.
The Czech Republic is a small country in Central Europe. Its capital city is Prague. Prague is a beautiful historical city. Many tourists come to Prague every year. The streets are usually crowded . However, the situation is different now. The coronavirus is in the Czech Republic. The government closes schools, restaurants, and many shops. People must stay at home. People cannot travel in and out of the country. There are no tourists. Prague is very quiet and empty. There are 6,500 people with the coronavirus. 170 people die from the coronavirus. The country has one of the strictest rules in Europe. People must wear face masks outside. Many people are not happy about it. The government wants to change some rules next week.	The Czech Republic is a small country in Central Europe. Its capital city, Prague, is one of Europe´s most popular tourist destinations. There are many picturesque narrow streets that attract tourists from all over the world. At this time of year, the city is usually crowded ; however, Prague´s historical center is really quiet and almost empty these days. The Czech Republic is on lockdown because of the coronavirus, and schools and most shops are closed. If people need to go out, they must wear a face mask. There are 6,500 people with the coronavirus, and 170 people died already. The government wants to start to lift some restrictions next week; however, this process will last at least two months.	The Czech Republic is a small landlocked country in Central Europe, and its capital, Prague, is one of Europe´s top tourist destinations. Its large historical center is listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The historic streets of Prague are usually filled with tourists at this time of year. However, a national state of emergency due to the coronavirus has left the Czech capital almost deserted . Schools and most non-essential services in the country are closed, and people are forced to stay at home. If they need to leave home, they must wear a face mask. All of this has left Prague virtually empty, which is a very rare sight. There are currently 6,500 people who have tested positive for the coronavirus, and 170 people have died from COVID-19. However, the government hopes that lockdown measures can be eased at the start of next week.
A team of 10 experts is going to China. They want to know more about COVID-19. People first learn about COVID-19 in December 2019. People believe that the virus comes from Wuhan. Wuhan is a big city. A wet market is there. People can buy fresh meat and fish at a wet market. The COVID-19 virus comes from animals. The experts need to know how it gets from animals to people. The World Health Organization and China have long meetings. China is not happy that the experts want to come. But China agrees. Another problem comes now. The experts cannot get to China. They have problems with their visas . China says that it is not a big problem.	The World Health Organization made a team of 10 international experts who will go to China. They will investigate the origin of COVID-19 and how the virus got from animals to people. The virus started in December 2019 and experts believe that it came from a wet market in the city of Wuhan. The WHO and China discussed for many months the WHO´s plan to send its team to China, and in December 2020, China finally agreed. Then, the country did not allow the team to come. China officials said that there was a problem with their visas . Some people say that China is not trying hard enough to find out the truth about COVID-19.	A World Health Organization (WHO) team investigating COVID-19 has been denied entry to China. However, China agreed to the investigation in December 2020 after months of intense negotiations. The WHO members were due to investigate the origins of COVID-19 in the city of Wuhan. The virus was first detected in late 2019, with the outbreak linked to a wet market in the city. A team of 10 international experts is aiming to probe the animal origin of the pandemic and how exactly the virus first crossed over to humans. According to WHO, the barrier to gaining entry into the country was a lack of visa clearances . WHO chief said that he was very disappointed with the news, given that several members of the team had already begun their journeys to China. According to China, this was only a misunderstanding and there was no need to give it importance.
In Israel, children can get a COVID-19 vaccine . More than a half of children older than 11 already get at least one part of it. Now, younger children can get it, too. About 41% of parents agree . 38% of parents do not agree. 9.4 million people live in Israel. 1.2 million of them are children between 5 to 11 years old. Experts say that the coronavirus often moves from children to other people. Therefore , they must get a vaccine. Without it, it will be difficult to stop the coronavirus. The first children get a vaccine in Tel Aviv. Tel Aviv is the second biggest city in Israel. In the past, it is the capital city.	Last week on Monday, Israel started vaccinating children between 5 to 11 years old against COVID-19. The first place was Tel Aviv where parents could bring their children to get the vaccine. TV cameras filmed the children getting the jab , and some of them were smiling while some were crying. According to officials, 41% of parents said that they would vaccinate their children, but 38% said that they would not. More than a half of children,12 or more years old, got at least one jab already. Israel´s population is 9.4 million people, and it has about 1.2 million children aged 5 to 11. Experts said that to stop the coronavirus, it was important to vaccinate children, too. Officials said that COVID-19 was not usually serious for children, but the virus often moved from them to other people.	In Israel, more than a half of children over 12 years old and some younger children had the first part of the COVID-19 vaccine, with a few already receiving booster  doses . On Monday, Israel began to start the Pfizer/BioNtech vaccinations for 5 to 11-year-olds hoping to stop a recent rise in coronavirus infections. The children´s vaccine event began in a Tel Aviv square, where a small number of parents quietly waited with their children to get shots. Receiving their shots in front of TV cameras, some of the children smiled and laughed, while others cried and held on to their parents. Israel´s 9.4 million population is relatively young, with around 1.2 million children in the 5 to 11 age group. By November, that group had more than a third of new coronavirus cases, according to health ministry data. Scientists and officials doubt that the country can reach herd immunity unless children are vaccinated.
A Banksy painting went on auction in London. The name of the painting is ‘Girl With Balloon’. It sells for £1.04m. However, things do not go as people expect . There is a shredder inside the frame of the painting. It turns on after the painting is sold. People are shocked. Everything is real. It is not a joke. Some people think that it is original and very clever.	People at the auction of Banksy’s ‘Girl With Balloon’ were in for a shock because after the painting was sold for £1.04m, it self-destructed. It turned out that there was a shredder embedded in the frame of the painting. It turned on after the painting was sold, and people thought that it was a joke but the whole thing was real – the painting, the price, and its destruction. Some people said that the shredding was original and ingenious .	The painting ‘Girl With Balloon’ by the elusive artist Banksy self-destructed moments after being sold for £1.04m at auction. There was a shredder embedded in the frame of the painting which turned on after the piece went under the hammer at Sotheby’s auction in London. People at the auction were shocked. Some thought that the shredding was not real, and that it was all a stunt , but everything was real. The painting, the price and its destruction were all real. People approached by the media thought that it was original and ingenious – a turning point for art.
A Polish couple is in Portugal. The two of them are on a cliff . They take pictures. Something happens and they fall from the cliff. Their children don’t fall. They are fine. They are seeing psychologists . Police look for the bodies of the couple. They find them. They want to move them out of the water. It is not easy because the weather is bad.	A Polish couple fell from a cliff in Portugal when they were taking “selfie” pictures. Police investigate the incident . People found their bodies. They moved them out of the water, but bad weather complicated the operation . The couple had children. They were next to their parents when they fell. The children are with Polish diplomats , and they are seeing psychologists .	A Polish couple fell to their deaths from a cliff in Cabo da Roca, apparently while trying to take “selfie” pictures. Portuguese authorities are investigating the incident that happened on Saturday. Rescue workers had to give up their attempts to recover the bodies from the Atlantic Ocean that night due to weather conditions but resumed the search on Sunday. Both bodies were eventually found. Fire officer Bruno Thomas said the couple had been next to the cliff edge with their children. The children are now in the care of Polish diplomats and are seeing psychologists.
Amur is a tiger. He lives in a zoo. People give him a goat. The goat is the tiger’s food. Something interesting happens. The tiger does not eat the goat. They become friends. The goat is cheeky . It plays with the tiger. It sleeps in the tiger’s bed. Amur is OK with it. However, there is an incident . The tiger and the goat play, and the goat hits the tiger with its horns . Amur hits the goat back. The goat must see a doctor, but it is OK. Now, the goat knows that the tiger is the boss.	This news is about Timur, the goat, and Amur, the Siberian tiger. Amur lives in a zoo and the goat was supposed to be his food, but the two animals became friends. The goat, however, became a little cheeky . First, it took the tiger’s bedding area. One day, when they were playing, Timur headbutted Amur, who hit the goat back. Zookeepers had to take the goat away to see a doctor. But do not worry, the goat is alive and is still friends with the tiger. Amur only showed him who’s the boss.	It looks like things have turned b-aa-d for the goat and tiger whose unlikely friendship inspired the world. Timur, the goat, can be seen head-butting Amur, the Siberian tiger, but despite putting up a good fight, their locking of horns ended up with the feisty goat being stretchered away to seek medical treatment, leaving their unlikely bromance on a slippery slope . The dubious duo captured hearts when the goat was placed in Amur’s habitat as part of the safari’s biweekly live animal feedings. But not only managed to escape being eaten, it befriended the tiger and actually kicked it out of its bedding area. Although the goat became a bit too big for its hooves , asserting  himself over Amur. But after weeks of what officials call bullying , Amur stopped being a big scaredy-cat and showed his horned friend who’s boss. Perhaps a  tiger never really does change its stripes .
The coronavirus is spreading around the world. At the same time, companies are building 5G internet towers. Many people believe that it is a plan of important people and governments. There is a lot of false information on the Internet about 5G and the coronavirus. Some people believe that 5G waves are bad for people´s health. They make people´s bodies weak. Another theory says that the coronavirus is not real. Governments have a plan. They want people to stay at home. Companies can build 5G towers. Health officials say that 5G is not dangerous for people. They also say that 5G and the coronavirus are not related. People must think more carefully. They must not believe all what they read and hear.	Conspiracy theories that link COVID-19 and 5G technology are spreading around the world. One theory says that 5G waves affect people´s immune systems . The other theory says that the coronavirus is not happening and that local governments and media want people to stay at home. The reason is so companies can build 5G towers. Health officials said that these theories are not true. 5G installation and the coronavirus outbreak are happening at the same time and that makes people believe that they are connected. Social media help spread false information about the coronavirus. People often want to post interesting information, and they do not check if what they post is true. People must think more carefully.	Conspiracy theories linking COVID-19 to the rollout of 5G technology continue to spread globally. This is happening despite health officials declaring directly that these conspiracy theories are not true. Countries around the world are competing to develop 5G wireless technology, and the timing of this and the outbreak of the coronavirus has supported false claims about the connection between 5G and the coronavirus. One is the false claim that 5G radio waves cause COVID-19 and suppress the immune system. The other is the falsehood that the outbreak is a hoax that government and media companies are using to make people stay at home so that 5G networks can be built. Social media help spread misinformation about the coronavirus. People are advised to think critically about the information that they see and hear before they share it with others.
Gorillas at a zoo in San Diego, California, US, are sick. They have the coronavirus. It is very unusual. It never happens in the US before. It seems that it is the first case in the world. It is not clear how the gorillas become sick. A man works at the zoo. He has the coronavirus. He does not have any symptoms. It means that he does not know that he is sick. He works with the gorillas. He wears a mask. It is possible that the gorillas get the coronavirus from him. The animals feel well. They get vitamins, food, and drink. They do not get any drugs to treat the coronavirus. Some experts worry about the situation. The coronavirus can be dangerous for gorillas. They live in big groups. The virus can spread quickly among them.	Gorillas at a zoo in San Diego, California, US, had positive tests for the coronavirus. It was the first time that this happened in the US and maybe in the world, too. A person who worked at the zoo had a positive test for the coronavirus, but he did not have any symptoms . He continued working at the zoo, and he wore a mask when he was near the gorillas. It seems that the gorillas got the virus from him. The director of the zoo said that the animals were feeling well, and they did not have serious health problems. They got vitamins, food, and plenty of water. It was not necessary to give them any medicine . Gorillas live in groups and there are not very many of them in the world. Scientists worry that the coronavirus could reduce the number of gorillas in the world even more.	Several gorillas at the zoo safari park in San Diego, California, US, tested positive for the coronavirus in what was believed to be the first known case among such primates in the US and possibly in the world. According to the park´s director, Lisa Peterson, the infection appeared to come from a team member who had tested positive for the virus; however, he was asymptomatic and he wore a mask at all times around the gorillas. Aside from some congestion and coughing, the gorillas were doing well. They were given vitamins, fluid and food; however, they were no given any specific treatment for the virus. The safari park added more safety measures for its staff, including requiring face shields and eye goggles when working in contact with the animals. Wildlife experts expressed concern about the coronavirus infecting gorillas, an endangered species that share 98.4% of their DNA with humans, and they are inherently social animals.
Kathmandu is in Nepal. A plane is at the Kathmandu airport. The plane crashes. Seventy-one people are on the plane. Thirty-eight people die. Twenty-three people are injured . Ten people are missing . Emergency services come to the plane. They stop the fire that is on it. They look for people.	A plane crashed at Kathmandu airport in Nepal. The crash killed thirty-eight of the 71 passengers, injured 23, and caused 10 people to be missing. The plane swerved repeatedly before it crashed near the runway. Emergency crews rushed to the scene to put out the fire on the plane and search for survivors. The plane was operated by a Bangladeshi airline.	A passenger plane carrying 71 people crashed at Kathmandu airport in Nepal. The plane operated by a Bangladeshi airline swerved repeatedly before it crashed near the runway. At least 38 people died, 23 were injured and 10 more are unaccounted for . Emergency crews rushed to the scene to extinguish the burning wreckage and search for survivors.
Robert Mugabe is the president in Zimbabwe. He is the president for 30 years. His vice president is a possible new president. Mugabe fires him. The army holds Mugabe. The ruling party tells him that he must resign . People do not want him to be president any more. Mugabe agrees to resign. The ruling party names the vice president as the new president. Mugabe has little power left. He talks to the army about his exit plan.	In Zimbabwe, thousands of people are celebrating the end of 30 years of Robert Mugabe as president. The ruling party put pressure on him to resign . The military held Mugabe after he fired his vice president, who was a possible replacement leader. People were happy as the ruling party named the vice president as the new leader. The party also sent away Mugabe’s wife who was going to be the next leader. Since Mugabe has little power left, he is discussing how to exit his job with the military.	In Zimbabwe, thousands of people are celebrating the end of 30 years of Robert Mugabe as president. The ruling ZANU-PF party put pressure on him to resign. The military detained Mugabe after he sacked his vice president, Emerson Mnangagwa, who was a possible replacement leader. People showed jubilation as the ruling party reinstated Mnangagwa as the new leader. The party also sent away Mugabe’s wife, Grace, who was planning to succeed him. Since Mugabe has little power left, army chiefs are discussing his exit plan with him.
A murder hornet is an insect. It looks like a big wasp. A wasp is like a bee. The murder hornet usually lives in tropical parts of Asia. People start to see a murder hornets in the US. Nobody knows how they get there. Experts want to find their nest . They catch some hornets. They fix a special device to them. The device shows where the nest is. The nest is in Washington state. It is about as big as a basketball. Officials decide to destroy the nest. Murder hornets do not usually kill people. But it hurts when they sting someone. Murder hornets are very dangerous to honeybees. They kill honeybees. Farmers worry. Farmers need honeybees to grow crops.	Last year, people started to spot murder hornets in the US. It was a big surprise because murder hornets live in tropical parts of Asia, and nobody knew how they got to the US. Now, experts finally found a nest in Washington state and it was about the size of a basketball. Experts caught some bugs, and they fixed a special device to them. The device showed them the way to the nest. Murder hornets are not usually able to kill people, but if a person is allergic to their venom , he can go into shock. Murder hornets are very dangerous to honeybees, and they can destroy a honeybee nest in a few hours. It is a big problem for farmers who need honeybees to grow their crops.	A basketball-size nest of so-called murder hornets has been discovered in the US for the first time; however, sightings began late last year. Murder hornets are native to the tropical south and east of Asia, and it is unclear how they traveled to the county. Experts hunted down the nest in Washington state by capturing some of the insects and fitting them with tracking devices. The insects deliver painful stings and they can spit venom ; however, they are rarely fatal for humans. They are a bigger threat to honeybees who farmers rely on to pollinate their crops. A small group of hornets can destroy a honeybee hive in a matter of hours.
This news is from Canada. Eight people die. Someone kills them. Two victims are children. They were only 10. Police say that this is a mass murder . The killings were not random . The killer had a plan.	People found eight dead people in a Canadian city. Two of the victims were children aged under 10. Canadian police called it a meaningless mass murder and said that the killings were not random but appear to be planned. The deaths appear to be the tragic result of family and domestic violence .	Eight people, including two young children, have been found dead at two properties in Edmonton, Canada, in what police called a senseless mass murder. Officers found the body of a woman who’d been shot dead at a house in South Edmonton on Monday. Later, the bodies of three more women and two men were found at a house in the northeast part of the city, along with a boy and a girl both aged under 10. A man who is believed to have been suicidal was later found dead at a restaurant. He was known to police. Canadian police said the series of events were not random acts but appear to be planned, deliberate and targeted. And the deaths appear to be the tragic result of family and domestic violence . Police are treating eight of the nine deaths in Edmonton as homicides and are not looking for any other suspects.
Ambrose Hayes comes from Australia. He is fifteen years old. He is not happy with the Australian government. Hayes and many young Australians are angry. The Australian government does not try to stop climate change . The government does not give money to clean businesses. It gives money to mining companies. These companies make the climate change worse. Young people worry about their future. However, they are too young to vote . They must protest . The government is not listening to them. Young people around the world protest. They want a happy future. They want clean air and water. They ask governments to stop the climate change. They do not go to school on Fridays. They clean beaches. They try to speak to government officers.	Ambrose Hayes is a fifteen-year-old boy from Australia, and he is not happy with the Australian government. He says that the government does not work hard enough to stop climate change and its negative effects. On Fridays, Hayes does not go to school because he protests against the government´s plans. The Australian government wants to get over a difficult year, and it put money into businesses that will make more greenhouse gasses . Young Australians are upset because they cannot vote and make a change. The government is not listening to them. In other parts of the world, young people protest, too. They join the Fridays for Future movement . On Fridays, they do not go to school, and they take part in events which help the environment. Also, they ask their local governments to stop climate change.	Australian teenager Ambrose Hayes says that he has had enough of the Australian government´s inaction on the climate crisis . The fifteen-year-old boy says that it is necessary to act now before it is too late. Hayes spends his Fridays protesting against the federal government´s plans to invest in carbon emitting projects as a part of Australia´s economic recovery from a tough year. Hayes and many Australian youngsters feel that the government is not listening to their voices. However, the government´s actions are going to affect the young generation, and they will lead to more costs in the future. Similarly, his counterparts in other parts of the world organize events as a part of the Fridays for Future movement that demands urgent action on the climate crisis.
This news is about two children. They are from Russia. They become stranded on a piece of ice. This piece of ice is in a river. People try to save them, but it is not easy. They call a hovercraft . The hovercraft saves the children. They are fine.	Two children were stranded on a piece of ice on a frozen river in eastern Russia. In the beginning, people could not get to the children, but they called a hovercraft and it saved the children. The children were fine. People then handed them over to the police to find out where they live. People were told to be careful, and they were warned about the ice on the river. The ice is still dangerously thin.	Emergency services in Russia came to rescue two children stranded on an ice floe . Emergency services dispatched a helicopter and a hovercraft to the scene near the eastern city of Khabarovsk after they received a distress call about the incident on the Osinovaya River. Initially, the rescuers were unable to reach the children who stood at the edge of the ice, so the rescuers ended up using the hovercraft to pick them up and bring them to safety. Both children were unharmed. Officials have issued a warning that the winter ice on the river had not yet fully formed and was still dangerously thin.
This news is about a woman. She is from England. She is born with Down’s syndrome. She has problems with her heart. She must fight her health problems. She also must fight bullying . She is successful. She competes in the Special Olympics. She also becomes a beauty icon. She shows everyone that people with disabilities can have talent. She says that beauty belongs to everybody.	A woman from England became the first woman with Down’s syndrome to star in a beauty campaign. She tells everybody that people with disabilities can have abilities , like she does. Thirty-two-year-old Katie was born with heart problems. She had to fight her heart problems as well as bullying , but she managed to compete in the Special Olympics and now she is a beauty icon. The company that chose her says it didn’t choose Katie because of her health problems, but because of her attitude . Her motto is that beauty belongs to everybody.	“This is me and I’m glad I can share this to you, guys.” Fearlessly changing the face of beauty, Katie Meade has become the first woman with Down’s syndrome to star in a beauty campaign. “I can tell everybody that people with disabilities can have abilities, like I do. And I’m blessed to be part of this. And, it’s amazing!” Katie was born with a heart defect, battling health problems, as well as bullying , throughout her childhood. She eventually went on to compete in the Special Olympics. And now, 32 years old, she’s the spokesmodel for hair care line “Beauty and Pin-Ups”. “The line is about the celebration of the empowerment of women and a look to the retro pin-up . And as we were developing new products, we had the concept for an amazing hair rescue mask. As soon as we knew the product was going to be called “Fearless”, there was only one choice.” The company says picking Katie was nothing to do with her condition – it was for her courage and her attitude . They’ve even adopted her life motto: “I love to tell everybody that beauty belongs to everybody, belongs to everyone.” No one more so than Katie.
This news is from a city in Syria. There are destroyed buildings in this city. Rubble covers a baby girl. She cries. People find her. When they see her head, they are really happy. They say that this is a miracle . The girl looks fine. Someone captures this moment on camera. However, we don’t know if the video is real.	Syrian rescue workers captured something unbelievable on camera. They saved a two-month-old girl from rubble in a Syrian city. Dust completely covered the baby’s body. She was crying. When her small head was seen, people started shouting that this was a miracle . We don’t know where exactly this person shot the video, and we don’t know if the video is real. A team posted the video online. The baby girl seemed unhurt.	This unbelievable footage was captured by Syrian rescue workers and shows a baby, said to be no more than two months old, being rescued from rubble in the war-torn city of Aleppo. The remarkable video shows the baby crying, as her whole body, completely covered in dust, is extracted from the concrete rubble. A rescue worker can be heard shouting “It’s a miracle!” as the small head is seen emerging from debris . It is impossible to independently verify the authenticity of the 30-second clip or where it was shot. The video was posted by a group calling itself the Aleppo Civil Defence, a rescue team working in a rebel-held area of the northern city. The baby girl does appear unhurt at the end of the video, but if we hear any update on the baby’s status we will keep you posted.
Sometimes, fashion brands make mistakes. They make clothes which offend some people. Zara is a fashion brand. In 2014, Zara makes a T-shirt. It has stripes and a star. It looks like the Star of David . The T-shirt looks like clothing from a Nazi concentration camp. People see the design. They criticise it on the Internet. The brand says that it is sorry. H&M is another fashion brand. Last year, H&M shows a photo of a sweatshirt. A model wears it. The model is a black child. The text on the sweatshirt says, ‘Coolest monkey in the jungle’. Now, fashion brands Gucci and Adidas are criticised. Gucci makes a jumper. Some people think that it is racist. Adidas makes white shoes. These shoes are to celebrate Black History Month.	People criticised Gucci and Adidas for the designs of new products. For Gucci, a black balaclava jumper was the centre of the storm. The bright red lips on it looked like blackface which was a form of make-up used to stereotype black people. It dates back over 200 years. People criticised Adidas on Twitter for a white pair of shoes made to celebrate Black History Month. This is not the first time that the Internet criticised a brand for its poor choice of design. Last year, H&M had to take down a picture of a black child. He was wearing a sweatshirt that said, ‘Coolest monkey in the jungle’. Back in 2014, Zara made a striped T-shirt with what looked like the Star of David on it. It looked like clothing worn by Jews in Nazi concentration camps.	Gucci and Adidas have come under fire for what people think were racist designs. For Gucci, a black balaclava jumper was the centre of the storm because the bright red lips looked like blackface which was a form of make-up used to stereotype black people dating back over 200 years. In Adidas’s case, Twitter was ablaze with criticism over a white pair of shoes made to celebrate Black History Month. This is not the first time that the Internet criticised a brand for its poor choice of design. Last year, H&M removed a picture of a black child wearing a hoodie that said: ‘Coolest monkey in the jungle’. Back in 2014, Zara made a striped T-shirt with what looked like the Star of David on it. It looked like clothing worn by Jews in Nazi concentration camps. Zara apologised for not knowing history and said that it wanted to recreate a sheriff’s star.
The Hallerbos forest is near Brussels, Belgium. It is very famous. Thousands of people visit the forest every spring. They want to see bluebells. A bluebell is a small plant. It often grows in forests. It blooms in the middle of April. Its flowers are blue. Many bluebells are in Hallerbos. It looks like a blue carpet. Sequoia trees are in the forest, too. Authorities close the parking lots near the forest. They cancel buses. They say that it is better if people stay at home. Some people still come. They say that they feel good in nature. Restaurants and bars close because of the coronavirus. People cannot go to many places. It is still important to go outside and spend time in nature.	In Belgium, there is a special forest south of Brussels which thousands of people visit every spring to see bluebells . Bluebells bloom around mid-April and they look like a blue carpet. This year is different, and officials asked people to stay at home because they worry about the spread of the coronavirus. Authorities limited the number of visitors, they closed parking lots, and canceled buses. Some people still visited the forest and they admired its beauty. A woman said that she was happy that she could go to the forest. She had her mask with her and if she met some people, she put the mask on. She said that going to nature made her feel better in the time when it was not possible to visit restaurants or bars.	flock to the forest of Hallerbos, south of Brussels, Belgium, to admire its carpet of bluebells which bloom around mid-April. The giant Sequoia trees also make a visit to this forest more than worth it. However, this year’s fears that crowds of visitors would pose a risk of coronavirus infection have pushed the local authorities to issue a warning for people to stay away. Local authorities are limiting visitor numbers due to concerns over social distancing, and they have closed parking lots and canceled buses. A local resident who visited the forest last week said that she had bought her mask and she put it on when there were too many people around her. She pointed out that there weren´t many things that people were allowed to do apart from walking in nature because there were no restaurants and bars open. If officials started closing natural areas, it would become very difficult psychologically because these places keep up the  spirit .
Germans really like electric cars. They even have a race for them. But some people stop the race. They stop it to have a parade . This parade has electric cars in it. It also has electric motorbikes in it. The people do this to break a record. They want to have the most electric cars and motorbikes together. The record is 508 vehicles . They have 577 vehicles. They break the record.	In Germany, electric cars are so popular that there is a Formula E race based on racing in electric cars. But recently, a race stopped when enthusiasts tried to break a world record by bringing the most electric cars and motorbikes together ever in a motorcade . The motorcade had 577 vehicles while the record was 508 vehicles, so the enthusiasts broke the record. One man said that it was important to show how much they like electric cars and to show that they are fun.	The Germans love their motor sport, but while Mercedes dominates Formula One, at this racetrack in Berlin, electric cars were taking centre-stage, preempting the hosting of Formula E race, a new single-seat emerging sport championship for electric cars. Enthusiasts brought their beloved electric cars and bikes together for a motorcade , in attempt to break the record for the largest gathering of electric cars and motorbikes ever. “We wanted to show that electric cars have already won over the hearts of the people. Many people drive electric cars and we said, ‘hey guys, let’s have some fun!’ We want to have a parade, we aim for the world record! And we want to show all the others that we’re having fun driving these cars. That’s important to us. It’s called 508 and we had 580 cars. We did break the record.” Well, you actually had 577 to be exact, as this high-tech sign shows, but still, record broken. Well done!
This news is from the London Marathon. A runner falls down. He is extremely tired. A man picks him up, but he falls down again. The finish line is only 200 metres away. The man helps him get to the finish. It is nice that the man helped him. People share this story on the Internet. The two runners become friends. They want to meet at races . They want to run the marathon next year, too.	A runner at this year’s London Marathon fell down. He was exhausted . Another runner helped him up, but he fell down again. The finish line was only 200 metres away, so the man helped him to it. It was nice of the man to help his competitor . People share this story on the Internet. The two runners became friends, and they want to meet at races in the future – next year’s London Marathon, as well.	A London Marathon runner saw a competitor who needed help. He had fallen to the ground, so he picked him up. When he fell down again, he decided to support him to the finish line 200 metres away. Matthew, the runner who selflessly helped his competitor, became an Internet sensation. The two runners became friends and are going to meet at races, and hopefully, next year’s London Marathon, as well.
This year is the Chinese Year of the Dog . There is also a new type of yoga . It is yoga for dogs. It is also called doga. You do yoga with your dog. Doga starts in the USA. It quickly becomes popular in other countries. People say that doga can relax you and your dog. One woman says that your dog feels what you feel. When you relax, your dog relaxes too. One doga session costs about £25.	It is the Chinese Year of the Dog, so why not mark it with a new hobby? Dog yoga or doga is the newest craze to hit Britain. It is a form of yoga when you and your dog exercise together. People invented it in the USA, but it is quickly becoming popular around the world. People say that it is a great way to relax yourself and your dog. One doga-goer said that she believes that your dog feels everything that you feel, so when you are relaxed, your dog is relaxed, too. One doga session costs about £25 for both visitors.	As we have entered the Chinese Year of the Dog, why not pick up a new dog-related hobby like yoga for dogs or doga? People invented doga, in the USA, and it has quickly gained popularity around the world, it is now the newest craze to hit Britain. It allegedly offers a spiritual release for both pets and their owners who do doga together. One doga-goer said that she believes that your dog feels everything that you feel, and when the owner is at a state of peace, the dog is at a state of peace, as well. Doga sessions cost about £25 for one inter-species pair .
June 21st is International Yoga Day. In India, 30,000 people do yoga on this day. Narendra Modi is one of them. He is the Prime Minister of India. He tells people to embrace yoga. He says that yoga helps people. People and he prove that anyone can do yoga.	June 21st is International Yoga Day. 30,000 people in India did yoga on that day, and one of them was the Indian Prime Minister, Narendra Modi. He told the world to embrace yoga because it helps people connect with themselves, know themselves better and increase their potential . The people proved that anyone can do yoga – even 65-year-old heads of state.	A world leader doing yoga – not your average sight! The Indian Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, showed he wasn’t afraid to get downward dog and dirty as he joined thousands to partake in International Yoga Day. Stretching and flexing, the Prime Minister along with 30,000 other participants showed that he practises what he preaches . Modi called on the world to embrace yoga, saying it helps people connect with themselves, know themselves better and help boost their potential. He said that nowhere in the world is health insurance available on a zero budget, but yoga is one thing which provides health assurance on a zero budget. And even the United Nations are taking the practice seriously. In 2014, it declared June 21st as the International Day of Yoga. And this year marks the second official International Yoga Day. Participants at this gathering proved that anyone could practise the discipline – even 65-year-old heads of state.
This story is about a man. He is very heavy. He is from China. He is 22 years old. The man weighs 300 kilograms. He eats a lot. The man is sick . He cannot move. Doctors come to his home. They want to move him, but the man is too heavy. More people must help them. They take the man to hospital. His condition is serious . He has problems with his kidneys .	This story is about a very heavy man. He weighs 300 kilograms and he is just 22 years old. He is from China. Last week, the man became ill and he could not move himself at home. When an ambulance arrived at his house, paramedics could not move him onto the stretcher . A few other men had to help. He was sent to hospital in critical condition. His kidneys were not functioning. The man was over 6.5 kilograms heavy when he was born. He has always eaten a lot. He can eat three times more food than a normal person.	A 300 kilogram (47 stone/661 pound) man shocked doctors when he was rushed to hospital in China. Sun Liang, who is just 22-years-old, became ill last week and couldn’t move himself in his own home. When an ambulance arrived at his house, paramedics were unable to move him onto a stretcher , so a dozen security men were sent to help shift him. Sun’s doctor said he was unconscious and hardly breathing. The 22-year-old was over six kilograms and a half when he was born, and his appetite increased gradually as he grew up. Sun’s uncle said that his appetite is so big that he can eat triple the amount a normal person can. When he was sent to hospital, he had acute kidney failure and was in a critical condition. Sun’s doctors said he can live a long life if he can reduce his weight by more than half.
Forbes is an American business magazine. Every year, it makes a list. There are 100 women on the list. These women are the most powerful women in the world. Who is number one? It is Angela Merkel. She is the German Chancellor . Hillary Clinton is the second most powerful woman. Oprah Winfrey is the richest woman. She has 2 billion pounds. Singer Beyonce leads in the entertainment field .	Forbes is an American business magazine. In 2004, it started to make a list of the most powerful women in the world. The most powerful woman in the world is the German Chancellor Angela Merkel. This is her fifth year as Forbes’s most powerful woman. Hot on Merkel’s heels was Hillary Clinton, who came in second. Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg is the youngest member of the top 10. She is 45. The Forbes top 100 list features women from eight different categories. Oprah Winfrey is the richest woman – she has almost 2 billion pounds. Singer Beyonce led in the entertainment field.	They say girls run the world – but who’s the most powerful of us all? Angela Merkel, it seems. The German Chancellor has been officially crowned the most influential woman on Earth for the fifth year in a row. Money, media momentum and spheres of influence are just some of the factors that Forbes takes into account when deciding on the top spot. Hot on her heels was Hillary Clinton, who came in second. She’s been on the list every year since its launch in 2004. Melinda Gates took third place and Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen came in a close fourth. Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg is the youngest member of the top 10, at 45. According to experts, its a combination of qualities that makes these ladies stand out. “ Ultimately , they get there because of their personality and because of their drive, their ambition and the skills that keeps them in that role.” The Forbes top 100 list features powerful women from eight different categories – billionaires, businesses, finance, politics, government organisations, philanthropy, media and celebrity. Oprah Winfrey topped the billionaire category, with an estimated net worth of almost 2 billion pounds. Singer Beyonce led in the entertainment field, while Vogue editor Anna Wintour ruled the media sector.
SpaceX tests an important system in its astronaut capsule . The system works when a rocket is flying. The system takes the capsule away from the rocket. It lets astronauts escape if there is an emergency. The test happens at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida, USA. The test is successful. NASA is working with SpaceX and Boeing. The companies are making spacecraft. The spacecraft can take US astronauts to the International Space Station. The US’s Space Shuttle program retires in 2011. CNN says that people are almost done working on SpaceX’s astronaut capsule.	SpaceX tested the in-flight  abort  system of the Crew Dragon astronaut capsule . The successful test happened at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida, USA. The test showed the Crew Dragon capsule escape from the SpaceX rocket after launch to pretend that it was an emergency. NASA is working with SpaceX and Boeing to create spacecraft to take US astronauts to the International Space Station. The US’s Space Shuttle program stopped in 2011. CNN said that the Crew Dragon could finish its certification soon.	SpaceX tested the in-flight abort  system of the Crew Dragon astronaut capsule ; this was one of the last important steps for this project. The successful test happened at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, USA. The test showed the Crew Dragon capsule break off from SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket after launch to show what it would do in an emergency. The SpaceX CEO and NASA Administrator spoke about the test that it went “ picture-perfect ”, and Americans may soon send astronauts again to space. NASA is working with SpaceX and Boeing to develop capsule systems to take US astronauts to the International Space Station. The US’s Space Shuttle program retired in 2011. CNN said that the Crew Dragon could finish its certification soon.
Margaret Keenan is 90 years old. She is the first person in the world who gets the coronavirus vaccine . Margaret comes from the UK. The second person who gets the vaccine is William Shakespeare. He is 81 years old. He comes from the UK, too. The UK is the first country which starts to vaccinate people officially against the coronavirus. December 8 becomes a very important day. Officials say that December 8 is the start of the end of the pandemic. Some people are not so optimistic . They worry that the vaccine is not safe. They say that the tests must be longer. Officials say that the vaccine is safe. They want to vaccinate all people who are 80 years old or more.	90-year-old Margaret Keenan became the first person in the world to get the coronavirus vaccine officially. The second person to get the vaccine was 81-year-old William Shakespeare. Both people got the vaccine at the University Hospital in Coventry, UK. Some people got the vaccine before them, but it was a part of the tests. Now, the UK became the first country in the world to officially vaccinate people. Health officials said that December 8 was the start of the end of the pandemic. People who are 80 and over will be among the first to get the vaccine, but it can be difficult to vaccinate people who do not live in cities or small towns. Some people also worry that the vaccine is not safe because the tests were not thorough enough. Officials said that it was not true and that the vaccine was safe.	90-year-old Margaret Keenan is the first person in the world to receive the coronavirus vaccine officially outside of clinical trials. The second vaccine recipient is 81-year-old William Shakespeare. Both recipients got vaccinated at the University Hospital in Coventry, UK, with the UK being the first country to give regulatory approval to the Pfizer vaccine. December 8 was dubbed ´V-Day´ by the country´s health secretary, and it was also the same day when the vaccination roll out began across the country. The secretary also said that December 8 was the beginning of the end of the pandemic. However, the roll out of the vaccine is going to be a difficult task, especially in remote areas. Also, the UK government has to overcome skepticism around the vaccine´s safety despite claims that no corners have been cut in its development.
This news is about turtles. Thousands of them arrive on a beach. They nest and lay their eggs. The beach is in Costa Rica. People come to the beach. They watch the turtles. Some people block the way of some turtles. These turtles turn around. They don’t lay eggs. Some tourists even touch the turtles. They sit on their nests. They put children on the turtles.	“Arribada” means “arrival by sea” in Spanish, and it is a wildlife phenomenon . Every year, thousands of turtles arrive on a beach in Costa Rica to nest and lay their eggs in the sand. Hundreds of people came to the beach to look at the turtles. Sadly, some people stood in the way of the turtles and made them return to the sea without laying their eggs. Some tourists even touched the turtles, sat on their nests, took pictures with flash cameras, and even placed children on top of the turtles to take photos.	Thousands of turtles have arrived at the Ostional coastline of Costa Rica in the annual wildlife phenomenon Arribada. The event was captured on a Costa Rican beach when an estimated 5,000 turtles were seen making their way across. Arribada involves large numbers of the creatures coming ashore all at once to nest and lay their eggs in the sand. Despite the turtles’ arrival, much to the delight of locals and tourists, hundreds of people who turned up to get a glimpse stood in the way of them, causing many to return to the sea without laying their eggs. Union workers from the Ministry of Environment and Energy posted these pictures on its Facebook page. It has been reported that some tourists touched turtles, stood on their nests, took pictures with a flash camera and even placed children on top of them to take photos. “Arribada” means “arrival by sea” in Spanish. Nearly every month there are mass arrivals at the wildlife refuge , but September and October are known as the peak months of the season.
Someone makes a plane that runs on solar power . Two men make a company about solar power. Now those men are flying a solar plane. They want to fly it around the world. They are the first people to do it. They will not need to use fuel . This is because the plane does not weigh a lot. Its wings are really long. They took off from the Middle East. They will go to Asia. They will go to the United States. They will go to Europe. Then they will go back to the Middle East. It will be in July.	Two men who founded a company about solar power are making the first flight around the world in a solar-powered plane. The pair plans for 25 days of flight without using fuel . The plane can do this because it does not weigh a lot but its wings are as long as a big airplane’s wings. The plane can fly between 30 to 60 miles per hour (48 to 97 kilometres per hour). They already took off from the Middle East, and they are going to Asia, the United States and southern Europe. In July, they will return to the Middle East.	Two pilots hoping to make history have embarked on the first-ever solar-powered round-the-world flight. Shortly after dawn this morning, Bertrand Piccard and Andre Borschberg, who are cofounders of the company Solar Impulse, set off from an airport in Abu Dhabi. The pair’s mission is to fly 35,000 kilometres around the world without using any fuel . They will have stopovers in India, Myanmar and China before crossing the Pacific Ocean and flying across the United States and southern Europe, to arrive back in Abu Dhabi. The plane, which has the weight of a family car and a wingspan equal to that of the largest passenger airliners, is expected to return by late July. Its journey will span approximately 25 flight days with speeds between 30 and 60 miles per hour.
A lot of skydivers meet in Arizona, USA. They are from 28 countries. They want to break a world record. They train for 18 months. They want to jump, and make a special formation. They try the jump for the first time. An accident happens. One skydiver’s parachute is bad. It does not open. The skydiver has another parachute. It opens too late. The skydiver dies. The skydiver was a woman. She was an experienced skydiver. She did 1,500 jumps. She was from Germany.	Skydivers from 28 countries came to Arizona, USA. The group of 222 people trained for 18 months. They wanted to break a world record for the largest number of people to complete two formations. The skydivers attempted to break the record for the first time when an accident happened. One skydiver’s parachute did not open and her reserve parachute opened too late. She died. The German was an experienced skydiver. She had done 1,500 jumps. Her team performed a special skydive in her  honour . It is called the missing man formation.	An experienced skydiver has died while taking part in a group world record attempt , after her main parachute malfunctioned . German skydiver Diana Paris was part of a 222-person group formation over Arizona, when her main parachute failed and her reserve chute opened too late. Having trained for 18 months, and jumping in good conditions, the skydivers were on their first attempt to break the record, shown here in this video, when the mishap occurred. The team from 28 countries had come to the U.S. to try and break the record for the largest number to complete two kaleidoscope-like formations before deploying their parachutes. Sadly for Paris, who had taken part in around 1,500 jumps, this would be her last, with her team performing a special skydive in her honour, known as a missing man formation. The team plan to continue their record attempt throughout the day on Friday, but with 221 skydivers instead of 222.
The USA and China meet. They want to make trade deals . There are some problems. The USA says that it will make China pay more to sell things in the USA. China says that it will make the USA pay more to sell things in China. People do not like this. The stock market falls. President Trump says that the USA needs to be strong. It needs to make money. He wants to work with China. He is going to meet with China in Japan.	The USA and China are trying to make trade deals, but they failed to do this. The USA said that it would raise tariffs on billions of dollars of Chinese imports . China said that it would also raise tariffs on about 60 billion dollars’ worth of US imports. The stock market fell quickly in response, and markets opened and closed with low numbers. President Trump said that the USA needs to have a strong economy and that he will work with China. They are going to meet again next month at G20, an important international meeting in Japan.	The US and China met to make trade deals, but the two countries failed to make a deal. In response, the US said that it would increase tariffs on billions of dollars of Chinese goods, and China said that it would also increase tariffs on about 60 billion dollars’ worth of US imports. The American stock market fell sharply as a result, with markets opening and closing in the red . President Trump said that the US needs to have a strong economy, and he will work with China when they meet again next month at the G-20 in Japan.
The Amazon rainforests are on fire at the moment. This worries people. They believe that the Amazon rainforest makes 20% of the world’s oxygen . They think this because there are so many plants which make oxygen there. However, there are also a lot of other organisms in the rainforests. These organisms eat the dead plants and breathe the oxygen. Rainforests make a lot of oxygen. They also use a lot of it. Most of the world’s oxygen comes from the oceans. Also, experts are saying that the fires are bad. However, people destroy more trees than the fires. Satellite pictures show this.	People are worried about the world’s oxygen because many forests are burning in the Amazon rainforest. People believe that the Amazon rainforest creates 20% of the world’s oxygen from all of the plants that grow and generate oxygen there. However, there are also organisms there which decompose the dead plants and breathe the oxygen. Rainforests make and use a lot of oxygen – it is mostly the oceans that generate oxygen. Experts say that the deforestation of the rainforest is worse than the fires. Satellite images show that the Brazilian Amazon lost 430 square miles of forest in August because of deforestation and not fire.	People are concerned about the amount of oxygen in the atmosphere, as there are so many fires burning in the Amazon rainforest. People believe that the Amazon rainforest produces 20% of the world’s oxygen because there are so many plants creating oxygen through photosynthesis there. However, there are also many forest microbes there eating and breaking up dead plants and they breathe the oxygen –rainforests both create and use a lot of oxygen. A professor said that the fires are terrible, but they are not decreasing the world’s oxygen. Instead, the world’s oxygen mostly comes from the oceans. Experts say that deforestation in the rainforest is a worse problem. Satellite images show that the Brazilian Amazon lost 430 square miles of forest in August because of deforestation and not fire damage.
Surfing makes people happy. However, disabled children cannot surf. Some cannot even go to the ocean. One organisation helps them. The children have surfing lessons. The lessons happen every month. Around 100 volunteers help the children. The children love to surf! It makes them very happy.	Around 40 Australian children with disabilities can now enjoy surfing. This is thanks to 100 volunteers from the Gold Coast Disabled Surfers Association. The surfing lessons are once a month. Many children do not have a chance to come to the beach. This can be the first time in the ocean for them, and they love it!	Around 40 Australian children with disabilities can enjoy surfing lessons once a month, thanks to volunteers from the Gold Coast Disabled Surfers Association. The mother of a four-year-old child who was born with cerebral palsy was happy to see her son have a great time. She said that she had never seen him so happy apart from the time when he went horse riding. One of the volunteers said that many of the children do not get a chance to come to the beach, so sometimes this is the first time that they have ever been in the ocean.
Permafrost is hard and frozen soil . It is in the polar parts of our planet. The permafrost is melting . People find interesting things in it. People in Russia find a dead body of a bear. The bear comes from the Ice Age . The animal is 22,000 to 39,500 years old. Scientists are very happy. Ice Age bears die out 15,000 years ago. In the past, scientists can study only the bones of the Ice Age bear. However, this bear has teeth, nose, and organs in his body. Organs are body parts inside of the body. Recently, people find many animals in the permafrost. For example, they find mammoths , rhinos, wolves, and lions.	Reindeer herders in Russia found a dead body of an Ice Age bear. The discovery happened in the far north of the country where the soil is frozen. This soil is called the permafrost. Some years ago, the permafrost started to melt , and since that time, people have found many exciting animals. Mammoths, rhinos, wolves, and cave lions were among them. The first analysis of the bear shows that the animal lived 22,000 to 39,500 years ago. The animal´s organs, teeth, and nose were not damaged, which made scientists very excited. In the past, scientists could only study the bones of the Ice Age bear.	The perfectly preserved carcass of an Ice Age cave bear has just been discovered by reindeer herders in Russia. The remains were revealed by melting permafrost on Great Lyakhovsky Island in the far north of the country. The animal´s internal organs, teeth, and even nose were all intact , which caused a lot of excitement among scientists. Such a discovery is unique because previously, scientists were only able to study the bones of this extinct predator. A preliminary analysis indicates that the adult bear lived 22,000 to 39,500 years ago. The melting ice in Arctic Russia has led to a number of major discoveries recently, including mammoths, wooly rhinos, deer, wolves, and cave lion cubs.
A special tournament happens in Russia. It is a car curling tournament. This is the first car curling in Russia. There are four teams. There are 10 people in each team. They have three small cars. They push the cars on ice. They must get them in an area on the ice. Each team can try 9 times.	A car curling tournament happened in Russia. A series of accidents caused by black ice last autumn was the inspiration for the tournament. Four teams of 10 pushed small cars towards a target painted on an ice rink. Each team had three cars and nine attempts to get the cars as close to the centre as possible. People removed the heaviest parts of the cars before the event.	A spate of accidents caused by black ice last autumn inspired a tournament in Russia. It was the country’s first-ever car curling tournament. Four teams of 10 pushed tiny cars towards a target painted on an ice rink. Each team had nine attempts to get its three cars as close to the centre as possible. People removed the heaviest parts of the cars, including their engines and gearboxes , before the event.
The Land Rover Defender is a car. It is a 4 by 4 car. It is a British icon . People make it for 67 years. Now, the production must stop. The EU makes it stop. The car is not eco-friendly . Some people are sad. They like the car very much. Workers at the factory meet. They say “goodbye” to the car. People are working on a new car. It will be the new Land Rover Defender.	The Land Rover Defender is an iconic British 4 by 4 car. Britain had it in production for 67 years. Now, the production stopped because of new EU rules for car emissions . Workers and media came together at the factory to say goodbye to their favourite model. The maker of the car is working on a new model which will replace the Defender.	It’s a British icon – the longest-running production car in the world and even good enough for the Queen to drive – but in the end, no one could defend the Land Rover Defender. The last of its kind has rolled off the production line, ending the 4 by 4’s 67-year- legacy after Jaguar Land Rover recognized that it just wouldn’t meet plans to enforce new harsher  measures for car emissions by 2020. There was a big turnout at the factory – crowds of staff and media rallied around for the final hurrah. “I love the Land Rover Defender. I’ve had loads and loads of them. When I sold my last one, my children wept , and they’ve never quite forgiven me, and I have another one in a heartbeat. And it’s such a shame that the EU mean we can no longer make and produce this British, industrial icon.” The manufacturer has reassured that a replacement model is being developed, but for now, all 700 employees who worked on the vehicle were invited to bid a final farewell . Jubilant cheers were mixed with nostalgia as the Defender rolled away after commendable almost 70 years of production.
A man is at a train  platform . He wants to get on a train, but he slips . He falls down. His leg is between the train and the platform. This is a dangerous situation. People want to help him. People on the train move to one side of it. They want to move the weight of the train away from him. Sadly, this plan does not work. Everybody gets out of the train. People push it. They give the man more space and save him. He is OK.	A man was getting on a train in Australia when he slipped and his leg wedged in the gap . Passengers moved to one side of the train to transfer weight away from him, but that did not help. Passengers exited the train and lined up alongside it. They pushed to free the man. Someone called an ambulance to the station, but he was fine.	Commuters in Australia teamed up this morning to help free a man whose leg was trapped between a train and a platform, by lining up alongside the carriage and pushing the train. The man became stuck after he slipped and one leg became wedged in the gap, as he attempted to board a Stirling to Perth train. In dramatic CCTV footage , commuters can be seen rushing to the man’s assistance and tipping the whole carriage in a bid to free him. Passengers were originally asked to move to one side of the carriage in order to transfer the weight of the train away from the man. Sadly, that plan failed, so passengers exited the train, lined up alongside the carriage and started pushing. An ambulance was called to the station but the man did not sustain any serious injuries.
There is too much pollution in Madrid. That is why there is a ban on some cars now. These cars cannot go in Madrid on some days. The plan is to finish the ban when the level of pollution is down. Madrid is too warm now. This is unusual for this part of the year. That is why the level of pollution is high. It is above European Union pollution limits. The speed limits on Madrid´s roads are also down to reduce pollution. Madrid has almost 4 million cars, one for every two people, plus almost 1 million trucks. London also controls pollution in the city. The city center in Paris is for pedestrians only.	Madrid placed a ban on privately owned cars in the city to reduce the raising air pollution. Restriction will be in use until the level of pollution drops. Madrid is unusually warm for this part of the year. This resulted in nitrogen oxygen levels increasing. The poisonous gas levels are now above European Union limits. The City restricted speed limits on Madrid´s roads to 43 mph to reduce emissions. Madrid has almost 4 million cars, one for every two people, plus almost 1 million trucks. London introduced pollution measures 10 years ago while Paris made the city center for pedestrians only.	Madrid placed a ban on privately owned cars in the city to reduce the raising air pollution. Restriction will alter between even and odd numbered license plates until the level of pollution drops. Madrid has been unusually warm for this part of the year, which resulted in nitrogen oxygen levels increasing. The poisonous gas levels are currently above European limits. The city restricted speed limits on Madrid´s roads to 43 mph to reduce emissions. Madrid has almost 4 million cars, one for every two people, plus almost 1 million trucks. London introduced pollution measure 10 years ago, while Paris made the city center available for pedestrians only.
This happens in Texas, USA. Some prisoners are at a court. They are in a cell . They see the guard outside of their cell collapse . Something is wrong with him. They get out of the cell. They do not run away. The prisoners try to help the guard. They call for help. No one comes. Then they use his radio to call for help. More guards come. The prisoners go back in their cell. The guards try to help. People from hospital come. They help the guard. People are thanking the prisoners for saving the guard’s life.	In Texas, USA, some prisoners did a very surprising thing. When they saw their guard collapse outside their cell, they broke out not to run away but to help him. They called for help and when no one came, they used his radio to call for other guards at the court. The other guards showed up and put the prisoners back into their cell. The others tried CPR and then called for paramedics . The guard ended up surviving, and people are now crediting these prisoners for their quick actions.	Security cameras captured the scene when hand-cuffed inmates broke out of their holding cell to save their supervising guard’s life. First they can be seen shouting for help, but when no one came, they broke out and used his radio to call for help. When the other guards arrived, the inmates were returned to their cell, where they watched as CPR was attempted . Eventually, paramedics arrived at the scene. The inmates’ actions were credited with saving the officer’s life.
The Costa Concordia was a big ship. It ran aground and turned over 2.5 years ago. Thirty-two people died. Now, police go underwater. They film the ship. You can see the inside of the ship. Some things are still in place . People will move the ship. People will break it. They will reuse the metal.	Police released underwater video which shows the inside of the wreck of the Costa Concordia. The Costa Concordia was a large ship which ran aground and overturned 2.5 years ago. Thirty-two people died. People will move the ship away from the Italian island. The ship will be broken up for scrap metal . The captain is on trial for manslaughter , causing a shipwreck and leaving a ship.	Police have released underwater footage showing the inside of the wreck of the Costa Concordia cruise liner , just days before it is set to be re-floated. The cruise liner will be towed away from the Italian island where it ran aground and capsized two-and-a-half years ago. Underwater footage of the stricken cruiser liner, whose capsize claimed the lives of 32 people, showed the submerged decks of the ship littered with objects including pillows, shoes and books. The ship’s ornate reception area can be seen partly above water levels, with sofas, tables and computers remaining in place. The re-floating might start as early as June 13, and the arrival of the summer weather has allowed for it to be towed to Genoa to be broken up for scrap . The captain is on trial accused of manslaughter , causing a shipwreck and abandoning ship.
A drone carries drugs. It flies from Mexico to California, but it falls down. Police find it. They don’t know who controls it. They try to find this person. Drones are also found outside prisons. These drones carry cigarettes and marijuana. Mexican drug dealers try to move the drugs north. They use tunnels , drones and other small planes.	A drone which carried three kilos of meth crashed at a border between Mexico and California. Police arrested nobody, but authorities are trying to find out where the drone came from and who controlled it. This was not the first time drug dealers used a drone. People recently found drones with cigarettes and marijuana outside prisons. Mexico’s drug dealers also use tunnels and other aircraft to move the drugs north.	As controversy around drone legislation  rages on, the anti-drone movement can add drug smuggling to their list of problems after a remote control device crashed in Tijuana. Officials reported that three kilos of meth were crudely strapped to the craft, as it made its way across the border between Mexico and California. No arrests have been made, but authorities are currently trying to find out who was controlling it and where it came from. Local safety official Daniel de la Rosa said the ill-fated flight was not the first time drone technology has been used by drug dealers. As US and Mexican authorities crack down on drug smuggling across the infamous border, Mexico’s drug cartels have reportedly used ultralight aircraft and also tunnels to transport drugs north. And recently, drones have been found crashed outside prisons with marijuana and cigarettes strapped to them.
Ten men with weapons go to a coffee plantation in Colombia. They start shooting. They kill at least eight people. The killers belong to a drug cartel. Drug cartels make business with illegal drugs. They are usually very violent. They kill many people. They harm communities and towns. They want to get control over everything. Colombia is one of the biggest producers of cocaine. Cocaine is an illegal drug. It comes from the coca plant. The business with cocaine is very big. Officials want to break drug cartels. But it is not possible. The problems in Colombia are very serious. More than 260 thousand people die from drug violence. Millions of people must leave their homes.	On Saturday, ten armed men killed at least eight people in a mass killing on a coffee farm in Colombia. Local authorities said that the incident was connected to drug business and that the criminals were a part of one of the biggest drug cartels . The drug cartel probably wanted to harm the local government and the way that people lived. Problems with drug business have lasted for many years in Colombia, and last year, they got even worse. Colombia is one of the biggest creators of cocaine in the world and the drug business affects many people. More than 260 thousand people died because of the drug business and millions of people had to leave their homes because of the violence.	On Saturday, at least eight people were shot in a massacre on a coffee plantation in Colombia. According to local authorities, ten heavily armed men opened fire on 14 people at the La Gabriela coffee plantation, and the incident was linked to drug trafficking . Colombia´s defense minister said that the criminals made up a part of one of the most wanted drug  cartels and the purpose of the massacre was to harm the community and the local government. Colombia is one of the world´s main producers of cocaine and drug trafficking drives the country´s internal conflict which has lasted for decades, and in the last year, mass murders even increased. More than 260 thousand people have died and millions have been displaced .
Four men fly over Manhattan. They wear wingsuits . They look like flying squirrels . They travel at 120 miles per hour (75 kilometres per hour). They can see New York. They fly by a famous building. They land on a boat.	Four men used wingsuits to fly over Manhattan. They looked more like flying squirrels than flying humans. They travelled at speeds of up to 120 miles per hour (75 kilometres per hour). They got an amazing view of New York City. They passed the iconic buildings of the financial districts and landed safely on a barge .	Is it a bird? is it a plane? No, these are actual people flying through the skies of New York City! On Sunday morning, four members of an aerial sports team used wingsuits to fly over the Manhattan skyline . Looking a little more like flying squirrels than flying humans in their special jumpsuits that combine skydiving and hang-gliding , the flyers were able to travel two miles in two minutes, getting this amazing view of New York City. Aided by their wingsuits, the daredevils travelled at speeds of up to 120 miles per hour (75 kph). Passing the iconic buildings of the financial district, they headed uptown where they deployed their parachutes, landing safely on a barge on the Hudson River.
There is a prison on Sumatra. The prison is built for 300 people. There are 1,900 people in it. On Friday, 200 prisoners escape . They are out of their cells during prayers . Police and soldiers come to the prison. They catch 50% of the prisoners on that same day.	About 200 inmates escaped from a prison on Sumatra. It happened on Friday when the prisoners were out of their cells during prayers . The capacity of the prison is for 200 people, but it is holding almost 1,900 people. Hundreds of police and soldiers came to the prison and set up roadblocks around the city. They caught over half of the prisoners on the same day.	About 200 inmates escaped from an overcrowded prison on Sumatra which is holding about 1,900 people despite its capacity of only 300 people. The inmates escaped on Friday when they were let out of their cells for Friday prayers. They overwhelmed the six guards on duty who the inmates accused of being violent. Hundreds of police and soldiers were deployed to the prison, and they set up roadblocks around the city. According to the Justice and Human Rights Ministry, they recaptured over half of the prisoners on that same day.
The Tasmanian devil is an animal. It is a marsupial , and it eats meat. It can be 76 centimetres long and 12 kilograms heavy. In Tasmania, there are 10,000 devils. That is a small number. In 1996, there were 250,000 devils. There are only 10,000 devils now because of a disease . The disease is very bad. It can kill a devil in 6 months. People help the animals. They build a special centre for them. This centre is in Sydney. The devils can have their babies there.	The Tasmanian devil is the largest carnivorous marsupial . It can be up to 76 centimetres long and 12 kilograms heavy. Before 1996, there were around 250,000 devils in the wild. Now, there are only about 10,000 of them. The population dropped so much because of a cancer. This type of cancer is contagious and it can kill a devil in six months. It is a very nasty disease. People are trying to help the animals – they built a breeding  centre in Sydney. A group of 22 healthy devils flew Sydney to Tasmania and people released them back into the wild.	Not quite as lively as their cartoon counterparts , these Tasmanian devils have been reintroduced to their natural habitat from a breeding centre as part of a plan designed to save the carnivorous  marsupials from a cancer threatening them with extinction. The group of 22 devils were flown from Sydney to Tasmania to be released. Devil facial tumour disease has caused the population to plummet to around 10,000 now from an estimated 250,000 before 1996 when the disease was discovered. The disease causes large lumps to form around the animal’s mouth and head, making it hard for them to eat. “It’s a contagious cancer – one of only a very small handful known in the world so what happens is, it’s transferred simply by touch, so devils natural feeding behavior and mating behavior wherever they come into contact with one another, this disease can be transmitted and thus the rapid decline. It’s a very, very nasty disease. After three months we see symptoms, after six months those devils are gone.” The project has taken four years to reach a point of reintroduction into the wild. Prior to transporting and releasing the animals, they are sprayed and checked for lice and insects. You might be surprised to learn that despite their cute bear-like appearance, the devils actually live up to their name and can be quite fierce . The Tasmanian devil is the world’s largest carnivorous marsupial, reaching 30 inches in length (76 centimetres) and weighing up to 26 pounds (12 kilograms).
This happens in the USA. An actor says that two men attack him. He is African American and gay. He says that the men say racist and anti-gay things to him. They make him feel very bad. They put chemicals on him. They put a rope around his neck. The actor tells this to people and to police. Everyone is shocked. Police investigate . They see that the actor’s story is not right. They find out that he is lying. The actor organises everything. He gives money to the two men to attack him. He does this to get more popular. He is in trouble now. He can go to prison for three years.	An openly gay, African-American actor reported an attack on his person in January. He said that two men shouted racist and anti-gay slurs at him, put a rope around his neck, and poured chemicals on him. The attack shocked a lot of people. Celebrity friends and even US senators commented on the attack and said that it was terrible. The police started to investigate the attack. Things turned out differently than everyone thought. Police found out that the actor staged the attack, and the two men were paid by him. The actor is now in trouble, and he could go to prison for up to three years.	An African-American, openly gay actor named Jussie Smollett staged a fake homophobic attack on himself to make himself more popular, Chicago police said. The show business drama began when the 36-year-old said that two men attacked him in Chicago on the 29th of January. He said that the men shouted racist and homophobic slurs , tied a rope around his neck and poured chemicals on him. The attack shocked the public, celebrity friends and even US senators, and everyone came to the actor’s defence. However, the police soon found inconsistencies in Smollett’s story and their work changed. The men who attacked him said that they were paid by the actor, and the police concluded that the actor staged the attack. Now he is in trouble, and he could go to prison for up to three years.
A baby orangutan is born in a zoo in Kansas, USA. Her name is Lily. She is very cute . She is born from a C-section . Her mother is 33 years old. Her name is Daisy. Lily is Daisy’s third and youngest baby. Both the mother and the daughter are fine.	An adorable baby orangutan named Lily was born at a zoo in Kansas, USA. Lily’s mother Daisy is 33 years old, and Lily is her third and youngest baby. Lily was born via C-section and both the mother and the daughter are OK. Lily is beginning to spend more time with her orangutan family and away from vets.	An adorable baby orangutan named Lily has been born via C-section at a zoo in Kansas, USA, to 33-year-old mother Daisy. Lily, the youngest of the mother’s three offspring , is doing well and slowly is beginning to spend more time with her family and away from vets. The mother Daisy is doing well, too.
Last Friday, something special happens. The Moon turns red. People call it ‘the Blood Moon’. The Blood Moon happens only when the Sun, Earth and Moon are in a line. The Sun lights the Earth from one side. The Moon is in Earth’s shadow. However, you can see the Moon. Some light gets onto it. It is indirect light from the Sun. It is red light. The red light can go around Earth because of its atmosphere .	Last Friday on July 27th, people all over the world watched the Moon turn blood red. It stayed coloured for almost two hours. The blood moon happens when the Moon passes directly behind Earth into its shadow. No direct light shines on the Moon. However, the moon is illuminated by red light. The Earth’s atmosphere bends the red light and it illuminates the Moon which is why the Moon looks red. You could not see the blood moon from North America last Friday. If you missed it, you can wait for another one on January 21st, 2019.	Last Friday on July 27th, people all over the world (except for those in North America) watched the Moon turn blood red for almost two hours. The Blood Moon lunar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes directly behind Earth into its shadow. The position of the Sun, Earth and Moon is such that no direct sunlight reaches the lunar surface. At this moment, however, the Earth’s atmosphere is bending the red wavelengths of light around itself, and the red light is cast onto the surface of the Moon – that is why it looks red. The Blood Moon was not visible from North America this time – those who missed it will have to wait until January 21st, 2019.
There is a tornado in Germany. People film it. It moves through a small town. Around 8,500 people live in the town. Five people are a little injured . Several houses are damaged .	There was a tornado in a small town in Germany. It was in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. Somebody filmed the tornado while it moved through the town. Around 8,500 people live there, and five of them were slightly injured. Several houses were damaged.	A tornado struck a small town in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. Amateur video footage shows the tornado moving through the town of about 8,500 people. The local media reported that five people were slightly injured, and several houses were damaged.
Hamas is a militant group in Gaza. It fights with Israel. There is a war between Israel and Hamas in May 2021. The war is 11 days long. No conflict starts since that time. Then, Gaza militants fire two rockets on Saturday. The rockets fall in the Mediterranean Sea. It happens near central Israel. Nobody knows why Gaza fires the rockets. Often, Gaza tests rockets near the sea. Israel fires two rockets on Sunday. The rockets destroy a rocket factory in Gaza. Now, the situation in the area is not good. Militants are ready to fight. Israel keeps a Palestinian man in prison. The man does not eat for more than 130 days. Militants say that they will attack Israel if the man is not free.	On Saturday, militants fired two rockets. These militants control the Gaza Strip. The rockets landed in the Mediterranean Sea just off the Israeli coast. It was not clear if the plan was to hit Israel, as Gaza militants often test rockets, and they fire them toward the sea. There was a war between Israel and Hamas in May, which lasted 11 days. Since that time, nobody fired any rockets, but the situation was not calm. Israel fired two rockets on Sunday, and Israel’s military said that it was because of the rockets from the day before. Israel wanted to destroy a rocket factory in Gaza, and it also said that Gaza militants were responsible for the bad situation in the area. Militants said that they would attack Israel if Israeli authorities kept a Palestinian prisoner for more than 130 days. The prisoner is on hunger strike .	Israel’s military said on early Sunday that it fired rockets against militant targets in the Gaza Strip, a day after the Hamas territory fired other rockets. The Israeli military said that the attacks targeted a rocket facility and a military facility for Hamas. It also blamed the militant Islamic group for any violence emanating from the territory that it controls. The airstrikes came as retaliation for two rockets fired from Gaza on Saturday which landed in the Mediterranean Sea off central Israel. It wasn´t clear whether the rockets were meant to hit Israel; however, Gaza militant groups often test-fire missiles toward the sea. Apart from a single incident in September, there was no rocket fire since an agreement ended an 11-day war between Israel and Hamas in May. However, tensions are high as other groups like strict Islamic Jihad threaten military fighting if Israel doesn´t end the imprisonment of a Palestinian prisoner who has been on a hunger strike for over 130 days.
Janet Jackson is an American singer. She is 54 years old. She is Michael Jackson´s sister. Jackson wants to sell her clothes. She wants to sell more than 1,000 pieces. They are costumes from her concerts and music videos . Some clothes are really special, for example, her wedding dress. Jackson wears it in 1991. It is her second wedding . Another special costume is a silver coat. Jackson wears it in a music video. The song is called ´Scream´. Jackson sings it with her famous brother. Jackson never sells her clothes before. She wants to give all the money to a charity .	Janet Jackson is a 54-year-old American singer and Michael Jackson´s sister. Jackson decided to celebrate her birthday in May by selling more than 1,000 pieces of her clothes. Jackson is going to sell costumes which she wore at concerts, on red carpets, and in her music videos in the last 40 years. One of the most interesting pieces of clothes is a silver coat which Jackson wore in the music video for the song ´Scream´. Jackson is also selling her wedding dress which she wore at her second wedding in 1991. The price of the dress could be between 2,000 and 3,000 dollars. Julien´s Auction is an auction house in California, US, and it is going to sell Jackson´s clothes. Jackson never sold her clothes in the past and she will give the money to a charity .	For the first time, the five-time Grammy winner, Janet Jackson, is cleaning out her closet and she is putting up her wedding dress and dozens of her costumes up for auction in May. Jackson is auctioning off more than 1,000 of the costumes that she wore on stage, on tour, on red carpets, and in music videos over the past four decades to raise money for a charity . Some of the top items up for sale include a floor-length silver coat that Jackson wore in the 1995 music video for ´Scream´ with her brother Michael Jackson. California-based Julien´s Auctions expects to sell it for up to 8,000 dollars. In addition, Jackson´s iconic key earring will be up for auction, as well as her 1956 Chevrolet Cameo which has been restored to its original condition.
Many people have problems with hearing . Some people are deaf. It means that they cannot hear. However, they need to communicate with others. These people often lipread . They watch other people´s lips. It helps them understand. Now, people must wear masks. The reason is the coronavirus. People cover their faces. It is a big problem for deaf people. They do not see people´s lips. Some people do not feel good. They need to see other people´s faces. It is important to see their faces. We can see if people smile or not. Masks make communication difficult. A team of fashion designers have a clever idea. They make a mask with a window. The mask covers the mouth. However, people can see each other´s lips.	Millions of people all around the world are wearing face masks now. However, for some people, communication with others can be very difficult with masks on their faces. About 48 million people have problems with hearing . Some people are deaf which means that they cannot hear. Some people, usually older people, cannot hear well. For these people who have problems with hearing, lipreading is very important. These people need to see other people´s lips and how they move. This way, they can understand what the speaker is saying. A mask is also some kind of a barrier between people, and it can make people feel more distant. A team of fashion designers made a special mask with a window. People can see each other´s lips and facial expressions . For many people, this mask makes communication much easier.	Approximately 48 million people have some degree of hearing loss. Ordinary masks muffle our voice, and it may be worth considering masks with clear windows. When you wear such a mask, people can see your lips, which can be helpful for people who are deaf or hard of hearing. Window masks make it possible to lipread and to see facial expressions. Alicia Austin teaches infants and children who are deaf or hard of hearing. Currently, Austin has many online lessons with her students, and she says that wearing a mask can make communication very difficult. Austin says that children need to see facial expressions and recognition in order to learn, regardless of hearing abilities. There are more benefits to window masks. They can be very helpful also to people with diminished hearing, typically older people or grandparents, who rely on face-to-face interaction to understand
There are wildfires in California again. The forests are dry. The winds are strong. Fires spread fast because of this. Over 177 kilometres of land burns. Thousands of buildings burn down. One town of 30,000 people is completely destroyed. Around 250,000 people flee . Nine people die. Five of them die in their cars.	There are wildfires in California again because the forests are dry and the winds are strong. They spread fires quickly, and over 177 kilometres of land burns. Thousands of buildings burn down and one town called Paradise is completely destroyed. Around 30,000 people lived there. Around 250,000 people have to flee . Nine or more people die – five of them are found dead in their burned-out cars. In Malibu, the homes of Hollywood stars burn down, too. Everybody from Malibu is evacuated.	In California, wildfires are raging again and strong winds and dry forests mean that the flames spread over 177 kilometres and destroy thousands of buildings. Around 250,000 people have been forced to flee and at least nine people died – five of them found dead in burned-out vehicles after attempting to flee. Hollywood stars are included in those who have lost their homes due to the blazes and the city of Malibu has been entirely evacuated. A town called Paradise of 30,000 residents has been completely destroyed.
People discover a new type of spiders. These spiders catch and eat fish. The spiders live around rivers, lakes and ponds. They like warm weather. Many of them live in Florida. Some spiders can swim. Some can walk on water. They are from two to six centimetres long. The spiders can catch fish which are bigger than them. After a spider catches a fish, it moves it to a dry place. Then it starts to eat it. The eating can take a few hours.	Scientists discovered spider species which catch and eat fish. These spiders live around shallow rivers, lakes and ponds. They like warmer areas. A lot of them were seen in North America, especially in Florida. Some spiders can swim and even walk on water. They can catch and eat fish which are bigger and heavier than them. The spiders are usually from two to six centimetres long. After they catch a fish, they move it to a dry place. Then they start eating it. That can take several hours.	Spiders that can catch and eat fish! Scientists have discovered a number of spider species that do just that! More than 80 incidences of fish-eating semiaquatic spiders have been observed at the fringes of shallow freshwater streams, rivers, lakes and ponds. Some are capable of swimming and, believe it or not, walking on the water’s surface. Water spiders have been observed eating fish, as they generally have powerful neurotoxins and enzymes enabling them to kill and digest fish that are bigger and heavier than them. The phenomenon appears to be more common in warmer areas, with fish captured by spiders usually ranging from two to six centimetres in length. The fish is then dragged to a dry place before the feeding process can begin. Eating can last for several hours. Most incidents have been documented in North America, especially in the wetlands of Florida.
Countries in Europe want to make a change. They want to change 5G mobile equipment . This equipment is on towers. This equipment is from Huawei. The change starts in England, France, and Sweden. These countries make the change because the United States says that Huawei technology is a risk . It is a risk to national  security . Huawei says that isn’t true. This change is very expensive. Hull is the first British city where the change starts. People want to use equipment from Nokia instead.	The process of exchanging 5G mobile equipment started for thousands of towers across Europe. Countries like the UK, France, and Sweden are doing this work because the United States said that China’s Huawei technology was a risk to national security. Huawei said strongly and repeatedly that it wasn’t true. This change will cost millions of dollars and many years to complete. Hull is the first British city in which the Huawei ban is becoming a reality. Workers are cutting out the Chinese business’ equipment there by July. They will substitute it with parts from Nokia.	The process of ripping out 5G mobile equipment has begun for thousands of network towers across Europe. Countries including the UK, France, and Sweden are doing this work because the United States said that China’s Huawei posed an unacceptable risk to national security. Huawei has vehemently and repeatedly denied this allegation. Transplanting Huawei technology is expected to cost hundreds of millions of dollars and several years to complete. Hull is the first British city in which the Huawei ban is becoming a reality. Workers are working to cut out all the Chinese firm’s equipment there by early July, substituting in components from Nokia.
A bomb explodes in New York. Security cameras film the moment. People start to run away. The bomb injures twenty-nine people. The bomb is made from a pressure cooker . There is a second bomb. It is similar. Police find it and destroy it.	Security cameras captured the moment of an explosion in New York on Saturday. The video shows passers-by running away from the explosion. The bomb was made from a pressure cooker and it injured 29 people. A second similar bomb was found a block away. Police destroyed it. The governor of New York promised to bring those responsible to justice.	CCTV footage captured the moment an explosion rocked a New York neighbourhood on Saturday. It shows passers-by running away from the blast in the district of Chelsea. The explosion, reportedly from a shrapnel -filled pressure cooker, injured 29 people. A second device similar in design was found four blocks away and police destroyed it. The governor of New York Andrew Cuomo vowed to bring those responsible to justice.
Surrey is a county in England. There is no war, children can go to school and people have enough food. In Syria, the situation is very different. A charity organises an experiment. It simulates a special situation in Surrey. It does not simulate war, but children cannot go to school and there is no food in the shops. People cannot go to hospital. The charity films this. The film shows how people react. The charity wants to make people think about the situation in Syria.	A day-long social experiment was about if Surrey, a county in England, was Syria. A charity organised this experiment and filmed actual responses of the people to simulated scenarios . The charity cut off standard services, so people thought that they had no access to food, education or medical care. The shelves in Surrey shops were almost empty, and you needed to be on a list to get milk, bread and eggs. The charity is using the film to ask: ”If this is not OK here, is it OK in Syria?”	“In the last 24 hours, schools across the country have been forced to shut their doors…” If Surrey were Syria… “… as armed groups take over and the violence escalates…” It’s the premise of a short film made by Save the Children in which the charity used hidden cameras to capture genuine responses of members of the public to simulated scenarios . “I need someone to talk to, please, because this is not acceptable, we have no…” Standard services were temporarily cut off, leaving residents under the illusion that they had no access to food, education or medical care. “What is on these shelves is what we’ve got.” “It’s someone’s life at risk.” “I don’t want to lay my hands on you, mate.” Surrey Police were on hand to safely manage this social experiment, ensuring no one was hurt. But the reality for the more than 4,000 refugees leaving Syria every day is far more complex. Save the Children says money to assist the millions living in refugee camps is drying up and families face the stark choice of returning to a war zone or risking death as they’re smuggled into Europe. “I need to be on a list?” “To get milk, yeah, milk, bread and eggs.” “Oh my god!” The charity is using the film to pose an important question: “If we wouldn’t stand for this here, can we really stand by as it happens to millions of Syrian refugees?”
Instagram has a new rule . All users must give their birthdays if they want to make a new account. Some users are very young. Instagram can be dangerous for them. The company wants to give its young users more information to control their accounts. It also wants to offer a service that is more suitable for their age. It is possible that some users lie about their real age. This is when they want to make an account. However, the company believes that most people tell the truth. In the past, some people say things against Instagram. They say that their rules about age are not good. They say that it is against the law to collect information about children.	Instagram has a new rule that requires all users to give their birthdays when they make an account. The company says that it can stop very young people from joining the service. Also, Instagram wants to offer an experience that is more suitable for a certain age and tell its users how to control their accounts. There is no way that teenagers can prove their age. However, the company believes that most users do not lie about their age. In the past, critics said that Instagram´s rules were not good enough because new users only confirmed that they were older than 13. It could happen that children saw content that was not appropriate for them. Besides this, it can be against the law to collect data about people who are under 13 years old.	Instagram now requires all new users to provide their birthdays when making an account. The reason is to prevent underage people from joining the photo-sharing service, to help keep young people safer, and to offer more age-appropriate experience. Instagram said that it will use users´ birthdays to educate them around account controls and recommended privacy settings. Teenagers often have no way of proving their age; however, the company believes that most users are honest about their age. In the past, Instagram was criticized for its policy of only requiring users to confirm that they were at least 13 years old when creating an account. Critics said that this increased the risk of children seeing inappropriate content and that collecting data about people under the age of 13 can be illegal.
There is a museum in the Philippines. It has special art. It has paintings that trick your eyes. The paintings use optical illusions . The paintings are three dimensional. People can stand in front of them. Or they can stand inside them. Then they look like they are in the paintings. People take their pictures with the art. There are over a hundred paintings. There are new and classic paintings. The museum wants more paintings like this. The museum wants to teach students. It wants to teach how to make this art.	There is a museum in the Philippines that lets people be a part of the art by using optical illusions . Korean artists made the paintings. The paintings are three dimensional and because people can get very close to or inside the paintings, they look like they are in the paintings when someone takes their photograph from certain angles . There are over a hundred paintings to be a part of that include new and classic paintings. The museum wants to add more paintings and wants to offer a workshop to students to teach them how to make this kind of art.	Art in Island, a museum in Manila in the Philippines, features over a hundred unique three-dimensional paintings that encourage people to pose in front of them. Each artwork is created in such a way that when photographed from a specific angle, the artwork creates optical illusions to make a person appear as part of the picture. At most museums, you would be told to look and not to touch, but this concept tells people to do the exact opposite. Each hallway has a different theme, with some including familiar classical pieces, such as the ‘Mona Lisa’ by Leonardo Da Vinci and ‘The Scream’ by Edward Munch, modified in order to allow people to add their own touch of creative genius . The museum hopes to expand its collection in the future, which will include more types of perspective art . The museum is also planning a workshop for students to get experience in how to paint three-dimensional images.
Scientists find high levels of DDT in the sea near California, US. They want to know the source of the DDT. They look for the source on the bottom of the sea. The area is very big. After some time, the scientists find 25,000 barrels . The barrels have the DDT inside. People think that the barrels are from the time of the Second World War.	Scientists say they found 25,000 barrels which have DDT inside. The barrels were threw away into the sea near California many years ago. The scientists were very surprised when they found these barrels. They mapped a big area of seafloor . It was in a region with high levels of DDT in the sediments . People think that the barrels were thrown into the water during the Second World War.	Scientists say they have found what they believe to be 25,000 barrels possibly containing DDT which was dumped off the Southern California coast. They were very surprised when they found these barrels. They mapped more than 36,000 acres of seafloor in a region previously found to contain high levels of DDT in the sediments and in the ecosystem. The area has long been suspected to be the site of an underwater toxic waste dump dating back to the Second World War.
Many people get sick from vape  products in the US. Health officials want to know why. They think they find one reason. They think that vitamin E acetate makes people sick. Vitamin E acetate is a vitamin in many foods and skin products. It is safe to eat or use on your skin. However, it is not safe to vape. Investigators do tests from 29 patients who are sick from vape products. They find vitamin E acetate in all of the tests. Almost all of the patients say that they use vape products with the drug THC. Some makers of illegal THC vape products put vitamin E acetate in the products.	In the US, health officials said that vitamin E acetate may be a cause for the sudden increase of illnesses from vape products. Product makers put vitamin E acetate into many food and skin products, and it seems safe for these uses. However, when you heat it and inhale it, it seems to create problems when you breathe. The health officials said that investigators tested samples from 29 patients who were sick from vape products. The investigators found vitamin E acetate in 100% of the samples. Almost all of the patients also said that they used their vape products to vape the drug THC. Some makers of bootleg THC vape products add vitamin E acetate to the products.	In the US, health officials at the Centers for Disease Control said that they may know what caused the nationwide outbreak of illnesses related to vape products. They say that vitamin E acetate may be the culprit . Product makers put vitamin E acetate into many food and skin products, and it appears safe to eat or put on the skin. However, when someone heats it and inhales it, it seems to cause many breathing problems. The health officials said that investigators tested samples from 29 patients who were sick from vape products, and the investigators found vitamin E acetate in 100% of the samples. Almost all of the patients also said they had used their vape products to vape the drug THC. Some makers of illegal THC vape products add vitamin E acetate to the products. The health officials said that there may be more causes of the outbreak.
Bullfighting is popular in Colombia. But not everybody likes it. Some people are against it. One woman is angry that bullfighting happens. She protests. A man puts needles are put into her back. A small group of people come to her. They protest, too. They hold posters . Two thousand five hundred needles are put in her back. This can be a new world record.	Bullfighting is popular in Colombia, but not everyone there likes it. The local traditional bullfighting festivals angered one woman and she protested. She sat outside the mayor’s office in a town, and a man put 2,500 needles into her back. A small group of activists joined the protest. They held posters. One of them read, “Bullfighter, if you are brave , dare to feel what the bull feels.” The woman may also break the Guinness World Record for the most needles in her body.	A Colombian animal rights campaigner has had 2,500 needles put in her back to protest cruelty against bulls. Fanny Pachon says she’s angered by the local traditional bullfighting festivals. Outside the mayor’s office in Cartagena, an acupuncture specialist carefully placed the needles in her back. A small group of activists joined the protest, holding posters such as one that read, “Bullfighter, if you are brave, dare to feel what the bull feels.” If Fanny is successful, she could beat the Guinness World Record currently held by Wei Shengchu, who stuck 2,009 needles in his head back in 2009. Bullfighting is popular in Colombia, where in September the country’s highest courts lifted a ban on bullfighting in the capital city of Bogota.
This news is from Texas. A family gets a shock. They find an alligator under their car! They call the sheriff ’s office. The sheriff calls the Gator Squad . The squad captures the alligator, moves it and releases it back into the wild.	One family in Texas got a shock when they found an alligator under their car. They called the sheriff’s office who sent the Gator Squad to them. The squad captured , moved, and released the animal back into the wild.	One family in Texas got a shock when they found an alligator under their car in the driveway. They called the sheriff’s office who sent the Gator Squad straight over. The squad captured, moved and released the animal into the wild, which is the standard procedure .
In Vietnam, there is a new law. It starts this year. It affects tech companies. Facebook must have user information on servers in Vietnam. If the Vietnamese government wants information from Facebook, Facebook must give the information. If the government wants to delete something from Facebook, Facebook must delete it. The Vietnamese government says that the law protects people’s information. It also says that this can fight cybercrime. Some people criticise the new law. They say that it is not good for free speech. They also say that it gives the government too much power. It is interesting that the American government writes to Facebook and to Google. It asks them not to comply to the new law.	A new cybersecurity law in Vietnam took effect on January 1st. Tech companies have a year to comply to everything that the law says. For example Facebook has to store user data in Vietnam, must provide information to the government (if the government asks for it), and must remove certain content if the government orders it. Foreign tech companies in Vietnam that have more than 10,000 Vietnamese users must have offices in Vietnam. Some people criticise the law. They say that it gives the government too much power and that it is not good for free speech. The government, on the other hand, says that the law protects people’s information and helps fight cybercrime. It is interesting that the American government wrote to Facebook and Google and asked not to comply to the new law.	The Vietnamese National Assembly passed a controversial cybersecurity law which took effect on January 1st. The new law requires a number of things. For example, big tech companies such as Facebook have to store local user data in Vietnam, provide information to the government (if asked), and remove any content deemed offensive or harmful. Foreign tech firms serving more than 10,000 Vietnamese users must also establish offices in Vietnam. Some people have criticised the law, saying that it will lead to further government crackdowns on the opposition and hamper free speech in the country. The country’s government, on the other hand, says that the law is necessary to combat cybercrime and to protect users’ information. Those to whom the law applies have a year to comply with the requirements, but tech companies and rights groups objected to the law, and US lawmakers even wrote a letter to Facebook and to Google asking them not to comply.
Around 2,000 years ago, there were Greeks in Jerusalem. The Jews fought the Greeks. The Jews won. They took a fortress from the Greeks. People try to find this fortress. They try for 2,000 years. Now, they finally find it. It is 250 metres long and 60 metres wide.	People found a 2,000-year-old fortress in Jerusalem. It is around 250 metres long and 60 metres wide. People were looking for this fortress for more than two centuries. Two thousand years ago, there were Greeks in the region. Historians say that the fortress is where Jewish rebels took Jerusalem back from the Greeks. The holiday of Hanukkah marks this victory .	Israeli archaeologists unearthed what they think is an ancient Greek fortress in Jerusalem, which archaeologists have been looking for for more than two centuries. Historians say that the 250-metre-long and 60-metre-wide fortress is where rebels took back Jerusalem from the Greeks, a victory marked in the Jewish holiday of Hanukkah. The debate over the location of the 2,000-year-old acra has seen many claims that it stood in Jerusalem’s Old City at spots like the Christian Church of the Holy Sepulchre near where Jewish temples also lay, but the most recently unearthed remains are outside the walls overlooking an area known as the City of David.
Christmas is coming. People celebrate Christmas on 25 th December. In some countries, people celebrate Christmas on 24 th December. People from many countries celebrate Christmas. The traditions are different from country to country. Usually there are many presents, a lot of good food and Christmas songs. Children and adults get presents from Santa Claus, Father Christmas, or Baby Jesus. We want to thank you for reading our news this year. We wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. We are on holiday next week. We will be back on 2 nd January, 2017.	Christmas is coming. People celebrate Christmas on 25 th December, and in some countries on 24 th December. Christmas is celebrated by people from all around the world. The traditions differ from country to country. Usually, there are many presents, a lot of good food and Christmas songs. Both children and adults get presents from Santa Claus, Father Christmas, or Baby Jesus. We want to thank you for reading our news this year. We wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. We will be on holiday next week. There will be two news a day starting again on 2 nd January 2017.	Christmas is coming. People celebrate Christmas on 25 th December and in some countries on 24 th December. People celebrate Christmas all over the world, as a religious holiday or as a time of celebration by Christians and non-Christians alike. The traditions differ from country to country, but they nearly always include a lot of good food, giving gifts or cards and singing Christmas songs. Santa Claus, or Father Christmas, or in some countries, Baby Jesus, brings presents to children and adults alike . We want to thank you for reading our news this year. We wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. We will be on holiday until 2 nd January, 2017 when you can expect two news a day as usual.
On Thursday, the US government says that Joe Biden is the new US president. It is the last formal step for him to be president. The US president, Donald Trump, is not happy. He repeats many times that the election is not fair. He speaks to people near the White House on Thursday. Thousands of his fans come to the White House. Trump says that it is important to fight for the truth. Some people get angry. They walk to the US Capitol building. The US Capitol is the seat of the US government. People want to get inside the Capitol. They break windows. They fight with police. They get inside the building. Politicians must leave quickly. The place is not safe. Police use guns. Police shoot a woman. She dies in hospital. Several people also die and some are hurt.	Last Thursday, the US government formally confirmed Joe Biden´s victory in the presidential election. At the same time, the US president, Donald Trump, gave a speech near the White House. Thousands of people came to the event to show support for Trump. Trump repeated that the election was not fair, and he asked people to fight for the truth. Some people started to walk towards the US Capitol, which is the seat of the US government. Angry people broke into the building and violence began. People broke windows and they tried to get to the House Chamber . Police had to take members of the government to a safe place. Police shot one woman, and several people were hurt and some died.	Last Thursday, Donald Trump supporters and others stormed the US Capitol, forcing the seat of government into lockdown. The US president Donald Trump made more baseless claims of electoral fraud during his speech in front of tens of thousands of chanting supporters who gathered near the White House. The event was meant to be a sideshow to the certification of the electoral college vote which would formally confirm Joe Biden´s victory in the presidential election. However, the situation got out of control, and thousands of people marched towards the Capitol. Protesters breached exterior security barriers, and police officers drew guns as protesters tried to break into the House Chamber. Members of Congress were forced to seek shelter in offices and even wear gas masks after teargas was used by demonstrators. Rioters smashed windows and clashed with police, with one person shot and wounded on the Capitol grounds.
Transgender people do not feel happy in their bodies. Men feel like women. Women feel like men. Some transgender people work in the army . It is very difficult for them. They must wear uniforms. A uniform is a certain type of clothing for a job. They must look different from what they feel. Last year, the US government makes new rules for transgender people in the army. These people can work in the army. However, they must use the gender that they are born with. It means that when a person is born as a man, he must look like a man. He must wear a man´s uniform. There is a similar situation for women. An army officer goes to court. She wins. She can choose her gender. She can choose the uniform. Her lawyers are happy. It can be a chance for all transgender people in the US army.	Transgender people are people who feel that they were born in the wrong body. Last year, the US government banned most transgender people from the army. The rule was that transgender people could work in the army; however, they had to use the gender which they were born with. An army officer decided to go to court because she did not agree with the rule. This week, lawyers said that the officer got an exception . The officer is now allowed to use the gender which she prefers. She can choose to wear a male or female uniform, and she can decide if she wants to look like a man or a woman. The lawyers are happy, and they hope that other army officers will have the same rights in the future.	The US Navy has granted an exception to allow a transgender officer to serve openly as her preferred gender. It is the first exception since the US government banned most transgender people from serving in the military last year. Under the policy, transgender people who were already in the military could continue to be there. However, they had to agree to serve in the gender that was assigned to them at birth. Lawyers announced that the officer was granted a special permission to be recognized as her preferred gender . She will be allowed to follow a female uniform and grooming standards . Her lawyer said that he was relieved that a highly qualified naval officer will be able to continue her services. However, other service members should get the same rights.
This news is about a little girl. She is from the Philippines. She is two years old. She likes cheerleading . Her parents train her. She likes the training. It is like a game to her. The girl is very good. People like her. On Facebook, many people watch a video of her. The girl goes on TV. She performs at events. She is a star.	A girl from the Philippines watched videos of her parents cheerleading, and she imitated the moves. Her parents started teaching her how to balance before she turned one. Now, the girl is just two years old and is already famous. One post on Facebook has more than 29,000 views and 433 shares. In the video, she performs a stunt . Thanks to the Internet, the girl went on TV and performed at events. The parents say that their girl likes her training because it is like a game to her. If she didn’t enjoy it, they wouldn’t train her.	Two-year-old Zee-shee Garcia became an Internet sensation in her home country of the Philippines after a Facebook post of her cheerleading routine received more than 29,000 views and 433 shares. The young cheerleader’s parents said that they started to teach her how to balance before she turned one, and they were surprised that how easily she followed instructions. Their talented daughter also watched and imitate videos of her parents’ routines from when they were cheerleaders as students. The girl has even been featured on national TV, and local politicians invited her to perform at events. Her parents said that they make the training seem like playing to her, adding that they would not do it if she didn’t enjoy it.
A man from Mexico is a writer. He makes a book for blind children. It is a comic book – there are pictures in it. The book tells a story. It is about an astronaut . He is on a planet and he gets blind there. However, he is not alone. Aliens live on the planet. They have no eyes, but they can see. They teach the astronaut to see without eyes. The book is a big hit. It only costs around two dollars.	A Mexican writer created a comic book for blind children. The book is about an astronaut who crashes on a planet and loses his sight . Aliens with no eyes live on the planet, and they teach the astronaut to see the world by using other senses . The writer will sell the book for about two dollars, and he will use the money to buy glasses for schoolchildren in Mexico. The comic book is a big hit. The international community for the blind say that everyone needs more books like this.	A Mexican writer has turned his hand to creating comic books for blind children. Jorge Grajales Bernardo Fernandez has created a title called “Senses the Universe of His Eyes” which is a story about the adventures of an astronaut who crash lands on a planet inhabited by creatures with no eyes. The astronaut loses his sight, but aliens around him teach him how to see the world using other senses. Funds from sales of the 16 page comic book will go towards buying glasses for visually impaired schoolchildren in Mexico. The Braille comic book has been a big hit among the international community for the blind who say that more books like this are needed. The comic book will be sold for around two dollars.
This news is about a plane. It is the Comac C919. It is built in China. It is the first Chinese plane. It will compete with the Airbus 320 and the Boeing 737. The Comac takes off in Shanghai. Its first flight takes 80 minutes.	The C919 is the first Chinese-built passenger jet. People designed it to compete with the Airbus 320 and the Boeing 737. It took off from Shanghai on its 80-minute maiden flight. The Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (Comac) made the jet. The state media described the debut as ‘another fulfilment of a Chinese dream.’	The first Chinese-built passenger jet, C919, designed to compete with the Airbus 320 and the Boeing 737, took to the skies on its maiden flight. The plane took off from Shanghai’s Pudong International Airport for an 80-minute flight. The Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (Comac) made the jet, and the state media described the plane’s debut as ‘another fulfilment of a Chinese dream.’
Scientists find a new type of chameleon. A chameleon is a type of lizard. It lives in the rainforest in northern Madagascar. It is the smallest chameleon in the world. Scientists see only two chameleons. One chameleon is a male. One chameleon is a female . They are as big as a sunflower seed. Scientists are not sure if they are adults. Scientists do not know if adults are bigger. People in Madagascar are poor. They do not have enough money and food. They cut down trees. They need fields where they grow rice. Many types of animals live in the rainforest. When the rainforest disappears , the animals will die. It is possible that the new chameleon will die, too.	Scientists in northern Madagascar found a new type of chameleon, and they think that it could be the smallest chameleon in the world. Scientists only saw two chameleons, one male and one female. It was not possible to say if they really were the smallest chameleons in the world, because they could not compare them to any other chameleons of the same type which could be bigger or even smaller. People in Madagascar are poor, and they cut down trees to make fields and to keep animals. It is the reason why large areas of rainforest disappeared and many animals, too. Scientists think that they will put this type of chameleon on the list of endangered animals soon.	Scientists say that they have discovered a subspecies of chameleon that may well be the smallest reptile on Earth. About the size of a sunflower seed, the newly described creature was found in the rainforest in northern Madagascar. So far, scientists have observed just two individuals, one male and one female, and this fact makes it difficult to completely understand the findings. It´s possible that other chameleons in this species would be larger or smaller, just like humans can be different heights. The discovery also highlights the astonishing and highly threatened biodiversity of Madagascar. Scientists suspect that the chameleon will soon be listed as critically endangered. Poverty and growing populations in Madagascar have led to clearing of rainforests to make room for agriculture and livestock, and it has had a dramatic impact on wildlife.
Notre-Dame is cathedral in Paris, France. For many people, it represents the city and the country. Workers start to renovate the cathedral in 2019. They build a scaffolding around it. The roof of Notre-Dame catches fire in April 2019. The fire is very big. Hundreds of firefighters try to stop it. The cathedral burns for 15 hours. 200 tons of scaffolding melt . The scaffolding holds the building together. Workers must take the scaffolding away. It is very dangerous. Workers worry that the cathedral will fall down. But it does not happen. Workers can continue to renovate the cathedral. The French government plans to finish the works in spring 2024.	Notre-Dame is a gothic cathedral in Paris, France, and people consider it one of the symbols of the city and the French nation. In April 2019, the roof of Notre-Dame caught fire and it was burning for about 15 hours. The fire broke out when workers were restoring the cathedral. Hundreds of firefighters tried to stop the fire, but the damage was very serious. 200 tons of roof scaffolding  melted in the building. Last week, officials announced that workers had removed all the scaffolding. It was a risky operation because the workers worried that the cathedral could fall down. Luckily, it did not happen and reconstruction can begin in 2021. The French government hopes that the works will finish in spring 2024.	On Wednesday morning, workers at the Notre-Dame Cathedral in Paris, France, reached a turning point in the restoration of the gothic monument that was severely damaged by last year´s blaze. The fire broke out in April 2019 while restoration of the cathedral was underway, and it destroyed the spire and two thirds of the roof. Hundreds of firefighters battled the blaze to save the monument. Workers successfully removed all 200 tons of roof scaffolding that melted during the incident and it was considered dangerous. Officials worried that removing the scaffolding could cause more of the monument to fall down because it had melted in the building and as a result, it was keeping the building together. Now, crucial protective and stabilization work is about to proceed .
This news is about cryotherapy . This therapy helps your body. It gives you energy. It makes you feel relaxed. First, you must enter a small room. It is extremely cold in the room. It is -130 degrees Celsius in the room. You stay three minutes in this room. Your brain thinks that you are going to freeze . This is good for your body. Cryotherapy is a big hit in New York. Three minutes cost 90 dollars.	This news is about whole body cryotherapy . It is a form of therapy which helps your body to  heal . The only problem is that you must spend three minutes in a super cold chamber . The temperature in the chamber is -130 degrees Celsius. Cryotherapy works by making the brain believe that the body is freezing. The body then sends oxygen-rich blood to the centre of the body. This makes you feel great. You feel relaxed and full of energy. Cryotherapy is a big hit in New York. Customers pay about 90 dollars for three minutes.	Whole Body Cryotherapy is New York’s latest health and fitness trend, which is meant to boost metabolism and help the body heal itself. The treatment, which people developed in Japan and people have used in parts of Europe for about twenty years, means that you have to submerse yourself in extremely low temperatures of -130 degrees Celsius. Cryotherapy works by making the brain believe that the body is freezing, which then goes into survival mode and begins to send blood, enriched with oxygen, enzymes and nutrients, to the body’s core. In one of New York’s spa, customers pay about 90 US dollars for a three-minute treatment. They wear a bathing suit, socks and gloves to protect themselves from acute frostbite while liquid nitrogen is used to cool the air in the chamber.
Peter Fruehsammer is a chef. He cooks in a Michelin star restaurant in Germany. Only the best restaurants in the world get a Michelin star. It is the highest reward for a restaurant. Restaurants in Germany close during the coronavirus pandemic. Peter starts to work in a hospital in Bad Belzig. He cooks for patients and for people who work in the hospital. Peter uses only fresh food. He says that fresh food helps patients get healthy. Healthy food is important for a healthy body. People who work in the hospital love Peter´s meals. Some people do not go to the canteen in the past. Now they go there every day. They eat meals that they never eat before.	Peter Fruehsammer was a chef at a Michelin star restaurant. He loved to prepare top quality meals. Then the restaurant where he cooked closed. All restaurants in Germany closed during the coronavirus pandemic. Now, Fruehsammer cooks for hospital patients in Bad Belzig. Patients and hospital staff love the new menu. Some staff did not eat in the canteen in the past, but now, they visit it every day. They eat food which they never ate before. The chef said that he only uses fresh food for his meals. He believes that it is important to cook healthy meals and that good food is important for patients. Healthy food helps patients get healthy.	Michelin star chef Peter Fruehsammer cooks for hospital patients at the Ernst von Bergmann clinic in Bad Belzig, Germany. The lockdown has forced German restaurants to close, and Fruehsammer decided to add a touch of excitement to the hospital canteen´s menu. Since the chef arrived, hospital staff have started to eat in the canteen regularly which many of them didn´t use to do. They were excited to discover dishes that they didn´t know before. The chef said that he believed he could reach patients´ souls since he only used fresh products. He said that the food was healthy, and it made a contribution towards patients´ recovery .
Wildlife rangers look after national parks. These people protect animals in the parks. Last week, in Australia, they catch a big crocodile. The crocodile gets too close to people. It is not safe for people. Wildlife rangers catch dangerous crocodiles there. They take them to crocodile farms. This crocodile is 14 feet long. It weighs 770 pounds. It is a very big crocodile. This crocodile ends up at a crocodile farm. It is possible that farmers use this crocodile to breed baby crocodiles. The crocodile is a saltwater crocodile. The saltwater crocodile is the biggest crocodile in the world. It can be 23 feet long. It can weigh 2,200 pounds. It usually lives in wetlands near coasts.	Wildlife rangers caught a huge crocodile at a tourist area in Australia´s Northern Territory. The animal was 14 feet long and it weighed 770 pounds. Officials said that it was the biggest crocodile that wildlife rangers caught in the area in many years. Crocodiles are protected in the area, and it is not legal to kill them. However, they are very dangerous, and sometimes they get too close to inhabited areas. Wildlife rangers must catch them and take them to crocodile farms. The saltwater crocodile is the largest crocodile and the largest reptile in the world. Adults can measure 23 feet and weigh 2,200 pounds. They usually live in salt waters near the coast.	Wildlife rangers trapped a 14-feet saltwater crocodile at a tourist destination in Australia´s Northern Territory. Reportedly, it is the biggest crocodile that has been captured in the area in years. The 770-pound male was caught in the Flora River at a remote nature park, 75 miles southwest of the town of Katherine. It was taken to a crocodile farm, and it will possibly be used for breeding. Saltwater crocodiles are the largest crocodile species, and the largest living reptile in the world. Adult males can reach up to 23 feet and weigh over 2,200 pounds. They typically live in brackish waters near the coast, such as mangrove  swamps and lagoons.
China has bad air pollution . It is so bad that it has 16 cities on one list. This list has 20 cities on it. They have the worst air pollution in the world. Someone makes an app. The app shows what factories make too much air pollution. It shows it with data . People can share this data. They can put it on social media. They can show it to officials . The officials can help. One official likes the app. He thinks that it will help people. He thinks that it will help with air pollution.	16 of the world’s 20 cities with the worst air pollution are in China.  Now, there is an app people in China can use to see what factories are exceeding the standards of air pollution. People can share the data on social media and with officials who protect the environment. One official likes the app because he thinks that it helps the public interact with the government and it will help China fix the problems of pollution. However, he is also surprised that the government wanted to share the data.	China is routinely in the headlines for suffering from some of the worst air pollution in the world. But a new app is attempting to change all of that by naming and shaming the culprits . The Blue Map app compiles emissions data which is supplied by the factories themselves to local governments and allows users to see which companies are exceeding the official standards. The app allows them to share the figures on social media and even report the firms to the local environmental protection bureau . Ma Jun, founder of the Institute for Public and Environmental Affairs, is excited about this introduction but admits that the government’s willingness to supply the data took him by surprise. “I think previously there’s never been this extent of interaction between the citizen and the government. I think this is a very good experiment. I hope this experiment can lead to a more effective solution to the pollution issue . This way, there will be more faith and more openness and there will be more encouragement for the public participation.” With no less than 16 of the world’s 20 cities with the worst air pollution, the app can’t come a moment too soon.
On Saturday, January 13th, people in Hawaii panic. They get a text message. It says that a missile is flying to Hawaii. People think that they are going to die. They call their family and their friends. They find safe places to go. However, there is no real danger. The emergency text message is a mistake. The next day, the Hawaii governor says that he is sorry.	On Saturday, January 13th, Hawaiians received an emergency text message that said that a ballistic missile was flying to Hawaii. People started panicking, as they thought that they were going to die! They called their loved ones and sought shelter . However, there was no real danger because the text message was a mistake. The next day, the Hawaii governor apologised and said that somebody ‘pushed the wrong button’.	On Saturday, January the 13th, Hawaiians received an emergency missile alert and received the shock of their lives, as they thought that they were going to die. People called their loved ones and sought shelter . There was no real reason for panic, however, as the emergency text went out to the public by accident. The next day, Hawaii Governor David Ige apologised for the false alert. He blamed the error on an emergency worker who hit the wrong template during a routine drill .
YouTube knows what videos you watch. It puts up videos which it thinks you want to watch. No people do this. Software does this. YouTube wants to change this software. It wants to put up fewer videos of one type. People call them conspiracy theory videos. YouTube says that these videos show false information. What are these videos about? They can be about fake medicine . They can be about Flat Earth. They can be about events like 9/11 (the attacks on the World Trade Centre on September 11th 2011). Some people do not like this. They think that this is censorship .	YouTube tries to recommend to you videos which it thinks that you are interested in. Nobody chooses these videos for you, as software does this. YouTube is now changing the software to recommend fewer conspiracy theory videos. YouTube says that this change will affect less than 1 per cent of videos. However, users around the world watch around 1 billion hours of YouTube videos a day. YouTube says that it is doing this to give people a better experience. What type of conspiracy videos will not be recommended? For example, videos which try to sell you fake medicine, videos which say that the earth is flat, or videos which say lies about events like 9/11 (the attacks on the World Trade Centre on September 11th 2011). Some people may not like this. For example, they may think that the earth is not flat, but they think that videos about 9/11 can be true. They see YouTube’s move as an act of censorship .	YouTube is rewriting its algorithms so that fewer conspiracy theory videos will be recommended to users. The company says that its goal is to give users a better experience by reducing content that ‘could misinform users in harmful ways’. For example, this concerns videos which promote phoney miracle cures for serious illnesses, videos which claim that the earth is flat, or videos which make false claims about events like 9/11 (the attack on the World Trade Centre). One user on YouTube, Joshua Cox, commented that YouTube’s move was about censorship. The move may be motivated by criticism which YouTube faced last year – a video suggested that David Hogg, a student who survived a school shooting, was an actor. The video was viewed over 200,000 times before YouTube removed it. The change will affect less than 1 per cent of videos, but users around the world watch an average of 1 billion hours of YouTube videos a day.
The world is getting warmer. Two recent studies prove it. Scientists start to measure the world´s temperature in 1880. The hottest year is 2016. The second hottest year is 2019. Scientists say that there is a lot of heat in the oceans. This is a big problem. Sea levels are going up. Scientists also say that every 10 years is warmer than the last 10 years. The temperature in 2019 is 1.7 degrees warmer than the average temperature in the last 100 years. Scientists believe that mainly people make these problems. People make very many chemicals. They are dangerous for the world´s atmosphere and oceans.	Two organizations did separate studies about the world´s temperature. They found out that last year was the second hottest year since 1880 when scientists started to record the temperature. NOAA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, said that the only hotter year than 2019 was the year 2016. The organization also said that ocean heat content was the highest in 2019. NOAA scientists believe that sea levels are going up as a result of too much heat in the oceans. NASA officials said that every decade since the 1960s is warmer than the last one. They believe that humans cause this change because they increase the amount of greenhouse gasses in the atmosphere.	Last year was the second hottest year ever recorded, and last decade was the hottest decade since modern record keeping began in 1880. NASA and NOAA did separate studies and they announced their conclusions on Wednesday. NOAA concluded that average temperatures in 2019 were 1.7 degrees Fahrenheit warmer than the average temperatures for the whole century. The only hotter year than 2019 was 2016. The organization also reported that ocean heat content was the highest in 2019 and ocean heat contributed to rising sea levels. A NASA official said that every decade since the 1960s has been warmer than the previous one, and this was a persistent change and not a fluke . NASA scientists have concluded that these changes are mostly caused by humans. The main cause is increasing carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gasses in the atmosphere.
Salerno is a port in Italy. It is not far from Naples. People film a big waterspout there. No one is injured. However, some containers are thrown around. The waterspout hits the land. It gets smaller and smaller. Then it is gone.	Someone filmed a big waterspout in the port of Salerno in south-west Italy, not far from Naples. Nobody was injured as the vortex hit the port. However, it lifted some freight containers up and threw them around. After hitting land, the waterspout got smaller and smaller and then died off.	Someone filmed a massive waterspout in the port of Salerno in south-west Italy, not far from Naples. Nobody was injured as the vortex hit the port, but one Italian news outlet reported that several freight containers were lifted up and thrown around. After hitting land, the waterspout dissolved quickly.
The UK is in the European Union. Some people want to leave the EU. Some people want to stay . There is a referendum on this. There are 64 million people in the UK. 33.5 million vote . 16.1 people want to stay in the EU. 17.3 want to leave the EU. The vote shows that more people want to leave.	The referendum on the UK’s membership of the European Union happened on the 23rd June 2016. The total number of ballot papers was 33,577,342. The total number of votes in favour of remaining was 16,141,241. The total number of votes in favour of leaving was 17,410,742. This means that the UK voted to leave the European Union.	“This means that the UK has voted to leave the European Union. As Chief Counting Officer for the referendum on the UK’s membership of the European Union, held on the 23rd June 2016, I hereby  give notice that I have certified the following: The total number of ballot papers counted was 33,577,342. The total number of votes cast in favour of remain was 16,141,241. The total number of votes cast in favour of leave was 17,410,742.”
To have meat, you must keep animals. Scientists are trying to change this. They grow meat in a lab . The scientists are from the Netherlands. They can make a little piece of meat. It is very expensive at the moment. It costs around $12,500. In three years, it will be cheaper. A hamburger made from it will be 12–14 dollars. In seven years, you can buy the meat in a supermarket.	A laboratory in the Netherlands can grow meat. Currently, a little piece of meat costs around $12,500, but the price will come down. One professor said that the laboratory has an investor, and you could buy this meat in around three years. It will still be expensive, at around 12–14 dollars for a hamburger, but the price will continue to drop . In seven years from now, you will be able to buy it in a supermarket. The production of the meat will be cheaper than keeping cows, but it is important that people like the meat.	A laboratory in the Netherlands uses cow muscle and fat to grow meat, revolutionising what we eat. Currently, a little piece of meat costs around $12,500 to make, but professor Mark Post said that the laboratory has an investor from the meat industry, and he envisions that it will take about three years to get the first hamburger on the market. It will be still rather expensive and in small production, so it will target only specialty restaurants at a price of 12–14 dollars for a hamburger, but the price will inevitably come down in the years after that. The production will be more resource efficient and it will hit the supermarket seven years from now, according to the professor’s guess. A butcher said that people are very sceptical and nervous about manufactured products as it is, and scientists agree that public acceptance is key to the success of this product.
Nowadays, we think that it is normal that men and women do the same things. However, in the past, the situation is very different. Around the year 1840, women start to protest in the US. Black people cannot do the same things as white people. Some women see that they cannot do the same things as men. They want to change the situation. Women want to vote . However, many people do not agree with this. Woodrow Wilson, the US president, does not want women to vote. This is the situation before World War I. However, after the war, the law changes. In 1920, women can vote in the US. More than 8 million women vote in 1920. In 2016, more than 74 million women vote for the US president. More women than men come to vote.	In the past, women around the world could not vote. In many countries around the world, it took many decades to change that. In the US, people started to protest against slavery in the 1840s. Black and white people did not have the same rights . However, some women could see that men and women did not have the same rights, too. Women started to meet and protest. However, the change was very slow, and many people did not agree with it. US president, Woodrow Wilson, did not want to give women the right to vote. However, he changed his mind after World War I. The law changed in 1920, and more than 8 million women came to vote in the same year. In 2016, 74 million came to vote for the US president, and it is interesting to see that more women came to vote than men.	It has been 100 years since the 19 th  Amendment that gave US women to the right to vote and since it was ratified . However, the fight for women´s suffrage started decades earlier. Many of the early women´s rights advocates in the US began their political lives as anti-slavery activists, who later started to rethink universal claims of human equality. In 1848, hundreds of people gathered in New York for the first US women´s rights convention . However, women´s right to vote was seen as too extreme. In 1917, women first started to protest in front of the White House. President Woodrow Wilson was against giving women the right to vote; however, his opinion started to change after World War I. Southern states were concerned that if American women could vote, African Americans could vote, too. Surprisingly, it was Tennessee, a Southern state, that said that the 19 th Amendment could became law in 1920. In 2016, almost 74 million women cast their vote for president, and each presidential election, more women than men vote.
Many people like beauty pageants . There is a special beauty pageant in Lithuania. People rate the beauty of goats at this event. Some goats have beautiful hats. Other goats wear flowers. Five hundred people watch the event. The judges choose a goat. It wins. People give it cakes, honey, books and coupons for a haircut.	Many people like beauty pageants . In Lithuania, there is a special beauty pageant where people rate the beauty of goats. Some goats arrived in beautiful hats or decorated by flowers. Over 500 visitors came to the event to watch. The judges chose as the winner a goat which was at the event for its 6th time. People gave it cakes, jars of honey, books and coupons for a haircut.	Many people enjoy beauty pageants and Lithuania is no exception , but one small Lithuanian village holds a pageant for goats rather than people. All of the animals and their owners made an effort for the occasion, with some goats arriving in beautiful blue bonnets while others were adorned with flower garlands . The spectacle attracted quite a crowd – over 500 people came to catch a glimpse of the goats in all their glory. Judges included a member of the parliament, the head of the local school and a cucumber farmer. They declared Demyte the most beautiful billy in the village, and the lucky goat had awards of cakes, jars of honey, books and coupons for a haircut.
Epiphany is the 12th day of Christmas. People also call it Three Kings’ Day. It is the final day of Christmas. There is a ceremony in Istanbul. It is an Orthodox Christian ceremony. The Patriarch throws a wooden cross into water. Men then jump into the water. They swim to the cross. They all try to get there first. The Patriarch gives a necklace to the first man. This tradition is 1,000 years old. It is a symbol of Jesus’ baptism . There is a similar ceremony in Athens, too.	Epiphany, or Three Kings’ Day, is the 12th day of Christmas. The 6th of January marks the end of Christmas for many Christians. The leader of Orthodox Christians led a ceremony in Istanbul. He threw a wooden cross into the water. Men then jumped into the water to get it. The first man to hold the cross received a necklace. This ceremony is called the Blessing of the Water. It symbolises the baptism of Jesus and is 1,000 years old. A similar ceremony also happened in Athens.	Epiphany, or Three Kings’ Day, is the 12th day of Christmas, and on January 6th, it marks the official end to the festive season for many Christians. The spiritual leader of Orthodox Christians led a ceremony in Istanbul where men jumped into water to retrieve a wooden cross that was tossed in by the Patriarch . The ceremony is called the Blessing of the Water. It symbolises the baptism of Jesus and it dates back over 1,000 years to the time of the Byzantine Empire. The Patriarch awarded a necklace to the first man to grab the cross. A similar ceremony also happened in Athens.
People like to run outside. However, they are afraid of the coronavirus. People do not know if it is safe to run outside. Health experts think that running outside is safe. Experts recommend people to be careful and responsible . People must stay at home if they do not feel good. It is important to wear a face mask if there are a lot of other people outside. The mask helps stop the virus. The risk that runners get the coronavirus from each other is small. The wind around people moves when they run. The wind takes the virus away. Experts say that the sun kills the coronavirus. It is safer to be outside when it is sunny.	Many people like running outside; however, they do not know if it is safe or if there is a risk that they can catch the coronavirus from other runners. Health experts say that people can run or walk outside; however, it is important to behave responsibly . If someone is ill, he should stay at home and not go out at all. Experts advise people to wear face masks in places where it is not possible to be at least 20 feet away from other people. If people walk or run past someone, the risk that they catch the coronavirus is low because the wind takes the virus away. Experts say that the UV rays from the sun kill the coronavirus, so the risk is lower when it is sunny.	Many people like to run outside, and they may wonder what the risk is that they get COVID-19 if someone runs by them and coughs. Health experts weighed in the risks, and they suggested that the risk is medium. When people run, they pass by very briefly and that lowers the risk because the air currents take the virus away. However, experts still advise to wear a face mask when people run or walk in an area where they are going to see other people who are not going to be at least 20 feet away. Experts say that people who have a cough should not actually be outside at all. The UV rays from the sun kill the coronavirus, so sunny weather lowers the risk of catching it. However, it depends on how much exposure the virus gets to the sun before someone breathes it in.
This story is from China. A tiger has three cubs . Two of them are girls. One of them is a boy. He is older than the sisters. Their mother stops feeding them. The cubs need a new mother. Their new mother is a dog. The tigers are having a great time. They like their new family. They play with their new brothers and sister. They love the game of ball. The cubs are very cute . Everybody likes them. They are stars. Sadly, everything has an end. They cannot play forever. They will meet their real parents again soon.	Three tiger cubs were rejected by their mother, so they are being raised by a step dog mum. The two twin girls and their older brother are having a great time with their new step family. They play a lot with their step brothers and sisters. The cubs love playing a game of ball and getting their claws into somebody . They are really cute and they have become stars at a safari park in China’s Zhejiang Province. But it won’t be all fun and games forever. The cubs are expected to be reunited with their parents soon.	Siberian tiger cubs, twin girls Mao Mao and Ying Ying, and their older brother Shua Shuai, are being raised by a step dog mum after their own tiger mum resisted feeding them. The cubs are having a great time with their new step family, and they have been playing loads with their canine step brothers and sisters. The cuties have become stars at the Hangzhou Safari Park in east China’s Zhejiang Province, but it won’t be all fun and games forever, as the cubs are expected to be reunited with their parents soon.
The coronavirus impacts everything. Car businesses have the most problems. Some businesses in Asia must close. It means that carmakers do not have enough parts for new cars. Carmakers stop or reduce how many things that they make, too. Now, it is very difficult to buy a new car. People must wait many months. Some people do not want to wait. They buy a used car. The, the prices of used cars go up a lot. In the US, they go up by 40%. Also, the situation is similar in other countries. Carmakers say that the situation will continue in this fall and the next year, too.	Many people are having problems with buying a used or new car. They are strongly feeling the impact of supply chain problems. COVID-19 in Southeast Asia also caused many factories to stop making car parts. In recent months, the biggest problem was the shortage of technology chips. As a result, many carmakers reduced or stopped making new cars. In the US, the prices of used cars went up by almost 40%, and the situation was similar in many countries. The pandemic impacted many businesses, but the car businesses had the most problems. Carmakers already said that the situation would continue this fall and next year, too.	If you want a new or used car right now, you will feel the effect of the much-discussed supply chain issues. The market for cars and trucks is one of the most impacted due to the pandemic supply problems, and vehicles are one of the largest big ticket items that most people spend their money on. In the US, the focus has been on used car prices, which increased the most, maintaining roughly a 2% increase in the overall Consumer Price Index . With the increase of the coronavirus Delta variant, many carmakers significantly cut their production, and used car prices  rose almost 40%. Carmakers said that this fall’s production of new vehicles will continue to be constrained by technology chip shortages and the spread of COVID-19 in Southeast Asia.
This news is from southern Brazil. There is a dam . It holds water from a mine . The dam breaks. The water covers villages. It kills fifteen people. Forty-five people are  missing . Around 600 people must move away. We do not know why the dam burst . We must wait for more information.	A dam in southeast Brazil burst . The water from the dam killed at least 15 people and more than 45 people are still missing. A big mining company owns the dam. It built the dam to hold back water and residue from mining operations – a mixture that is often toxic. The water destroyed villages and around 600 people had to evacuate. We do not yet know why the dam burst.	A burst dam in Mariano, southeast Brazil, is thought to have killed at least 15 people. A nearby town has been devastated by mudslides, obstructing access to the region by officials. At least 45 people are still feared missing. Owned by Anglo-Australian mining giant BHP Billiton and the Brazilian company Vale, the dam was built to hold back water and residue from mining operations, a mixture that can often be toxic. Footage shows destroyed villages, derelict houses and abandoned cars tossed on their sides. Around 600 people are being evacuated to higher ground from Bento Rodrigues, a village about four miles beneath the dam that burst. Authorities said the flood had also reached another village further down the hill and that inhabitants there were also being evacuated. The dam’s owner, Brazilian miner Samarco, said in a statement it hadn’t yet determined why the dam burst or the extent of the disaster. The residents in the region can only await answers for the cause and outcome of this disaster.
This happens at an airport. The airport is in Russia’s Far East. A cat lives at the airport. It gets inside a shop. There is seafood in there. The cat is hungry. It eats some of the seafood. It has a fish and an octopus . The shop owners are unhappy about this. They must throw away a lot of the seafood. This seafood is worth 1,000 dollars. There is a video of the cat on the Internet. Many people watch it. Some people want to find the cat. They want to take it home.	This happened at an airport in Russia’s Far East. A cat got inside a shop and ate some of the shop’s seafood. The cat ate some fish, smoked squid and even a dried octopus. The whole fish counter had to be thrown away because of sanitary rules . This amount of seafood was worth 1,000 dollars. The ginger cat can be seen sometimes at the airport, but it may have a new home soon. A lot of people have seen the Internet video of the cat and would like to adopt it.	It’s the cat that’s got the cream, if cream is 1,000 dollars worth of seafood! This little fella went on a massive sea food binge , as he scoured this shop at an airport in Russia’s Far East. And this moggie was not picky . The cat had a go at the dried flounder , smoked squid and even tried the dried octopus. This cat burglar is no stranger to food crime – locals say they’ve seen the homeless ginger moggie before, coming in and having a bite to eat. This time, the shop owners had to write off the entire fish counter because of sanitary  rules . This amateur video has now been viewed online more than half a million times, and some people have been asking how they can find the cat to give it a home. For now, airport officials are keeping an eye out for the feline . Just in case the fishy heaven proves too much of a draw again
Hong Kong opens a new high-speed train. It connects Hong Kong to Shenzen. The new system cost 10 billion US dollars. It took eight years to build. It can carry 80,000 people a day. You can travel from Hong Kong to Shenzen in just 14 minutes. That is 45 minutes less than before. Hong Kong is not completely a part of China. Shenzen is in China. The new train brings Hong Kong and China more together. Some people do not like this. They protest.	Hong Kong opened a new high-speed train that connects Hong Kong to Shenzen and cuts the journey by 45 minutes. The new system cost 10 billion US dollars, took eight years to complete and will carry 80,000 passengers daily. The new system provoked protests outside the station, as some people are worried about Beijing’s increasing influence in the Hong Kong region.	Hong Kong opened a new high-speed train link to inland China which cut down the journey from Hong Kong to Shenzhen by 45 minutes. The new system cost 10 billion US dollars, took eight years to complete and will carry over 80,000 passengers daily. The new speedy mode of transport provoked protests outside the station over Beijing’s increasing influence in the Hong Kong region.
McDonald’s is a fast-food chain . The company has about 2,900 restaurants in Japan. Now, it has a big problem with potatoes. Japanese McDonald’s get potatoes from Canada. Now floods and snow storms are in Canada. Companies cannot transport the things which they make. The sea is dangerous. Ships must travel slowly. All these things mean that Mc Donald’s in Japan do not have enough potatoes. Now the company is selling only some fries. This situation will last one month. The same thing happens in December, too. McDonald’s customers are not happy. The company sells its hamburgers for a lower price right now.	The Fast-food company McDonald’s is running out of potatoes in Japan, so the company decided to sell only small portions of its fries. McDonald’s will not sell the medium or large portions of fries for about one month. The reason is that the company brings potatoes from Canada. In recent weeks, the weather was bad in some parts of Canada. There were heavy snowstorms as well as floods. McDonald’s already had problems with potatoes in December with almost all 2,900 restaurants in Japan. This time, there were problems because of the weather in Canada and problems at sea. The company said that it would give a discount on its menus, and it would not sell the evening menu with fries and chicken nuggets until the situation was better again.	If you go to McDonald’s in Japan right now, you may have to take a small serving of fries because the fast-food chain is running short of potatoes. Customers can only have a small portion of fries for about a month. According to the company, the reasons are heavy snowfall and flood damage near Vancouver, Canada, and many shipping problems that include the health crisis related issues, extreme weather events, and an upsurge in global demand. In Japan, McDonald’s said that it would offer a 50-yen discount on its hamburger menus when medium-size fries were replaced with the small ones, and it would also stop selling an evening menu that had fries and chicken nuggets. McDonald’s had to take a similar step in December at its roughly 2,900 branches in Japan. Unhappy McDonald’s customers may not know it; but they’re at the  mercy of global events.
This news is from Gaza. In March 2018, Palestinians start to protest. They call the protest the Great March of Return. Palestinians protest every week. They want their land back. They say that Israel has taken their land. One year later, there is a big protest. Forty thousand people protest in March 2019. In one year of the protests, Israeli police kill 250 Palestinians.	More than 40,000 people protested along the Israel–Gaza border on Saturday March 31st. They marked the anniversary of the Great March of Return protest. Since March 2018, there were protests at the border every week. The Palestinians demand their land which they say Israel took from them. In the year of protests, the Israeli police killed more than 250 Palestinians.	Upwards of 40,000 people gathered on Saturday March 31st along the Israel–Gaza border to mark the anniversary of the Great March of Return protest. Palestinians have been protesting at the border every week for the past year, demanding the right to return to the ancestral land that they say they lost when Israel was created. Palestinian officials say that Israeli police killed more than 250 Palestinians since the protests began in March 2018. The protesters also demand the nullification of the Israeli blockade – a combination of air, sea and land travel restrictions which isolate the area from resources.
This news is from a zoo in the Czech Republic. An eastern black rhino is born there. The rhino is healthy. Eastern black rhinos are an endangered species . There are only hundreds of them in the wild . A new rhino is a very good thing. The little rhino must stay with her mum for at least two years. Then, she can go to Africa.	An eastern black rhino calf was born at a zoo in the Czech Republic. The zoo says that the calf is lively and healthy. There are only a few hundred eastern black rhinos in the wild, as they are under threat from poaching . Another calf is very important for the future of this species . The little calf will need help from her mother for at least two years. After that, people may move her to Africa.	An eastern black rhino calf has been born at a zoo in the Czech Republic. The zoo, which boasts the most rhinos in Europe, says that the calf is lively and healthy. Only a few hundred eastern black rhinos remain in the wild, where they are under threat from poaching , so baby’s arrival marks an important step in protecting the species from extinction. Her mum will need to care for the little calf for at least two years before she can join others from the zoo who will return to Africa.
Great pandas were  endangered . China tries very hard to help the pandas. They help them have babies. Twenty-three pandas are born. They are born at a centre in China. This is very good news. People see the group of pandas. They are very beautiful. Now, there are more pandas. They are not endangered any more .	This year, twenty-three pandas were born in a breeding  centre in China. The public recently saw them for the first time. It is very difficult to make pandas reproduce in captivity , so the group of pandas is great news. People recently took giant pandas off the endangered species list because their numbers are up.	A group of 23 adorable panda cubs made their public debut in China. They were showing off at the Chengdu Giant Panda Breeding Research Base in the Sichuan province after being born there this year. This was a huge accomplishment because it is very difficult to make pandas reproduce in captivity. Recently, people took giant pandas off the endangered species list because of a population rebound in China. The outing of the panda cubs shows exactly how much effort people are putting into conservation work.
Many people want to come and live in the US. However, they must get a green card. A green card is a document. People who have this document can live in the US. The US government has a special program for these people. Every year, a lottery takes place. The US government chooses around 50,000 people. These people get the green card. The government chooses these people randomly . The idea is to bring many different people to the country. In the past, the US president is not happy with the lottery. He says that the government must choose people with good skills . This year, the president makes changes. He stops the lottery. Many Americans are without a job. The reason is the coronavirus. Right now, the president does not want more people to come to the US.	In 1990, the US Congress made a special program for people who wanted to get to the US. It is called Diversity  Visa Lottery, and the idea is to bring more diversity among people who apply for a visa in the US. Every year, the US government randomly chooses about 50,000 people who get the visa. However, this year, the lottery winners will not get to the US. The US president, Donald Trump, banned the program, and he said that the reason was the coronavirus. Trump said that millions of Americans were without a job, and that it was not possible to let more people come to the country. Long before the coronavirus pandemic, Trump wanted to change the program. He said that the US should choose people who have good skills.	Every year, millions of people around the world apply for a rare shot at US green card through the annual diversity visa lottery, in which the US government randomly selects people who can immigrate and become permanent residents in the country. However, Donald Trump, the US president, banned the insurance of most visas for people abroad for the rest of the year. Trump said that this step was necessary to free up jobs for millions of Americans who were unemployed because of the coronavirus pandemic. The US Congress created the diversity visa program in 1990 to diversify the background of US immigrants. Since then, about 50,000 visas have been issued annually. However, this year 42,000 winners are not able to complete the process before the visa freeze . Long before the pandemic, Trump tried to eliminate the program, and he said that the US should select immigrants based on their skills only.
The one-child policy is in China in the past. A policy is a law that people must follow. This policy means that couples can have only one child. The one-child policy brings problems now. The Chinese population is getting old. The government must do something quickly. The three-child policy is in China now. Couples can have three children. This is very difficult for working mothers. Working mothers must look after children after work. They cannot work overtime. Overtime is when you work extra. Companies do not like this. They discriminate against working mothers. Another problem is with maternity leave . Maternity leave is 98 days long in China. Companies do not want to pay it. The government pays only a part of it.	China introduced its three-child policy, and it is very difficult for Chinese working mothers. A policy is a law. 61% of Chinese mothers work, which is the highest number in all of Asia. In the past, there was the one-child policy in China, which meant that couples could have only one child. Now, that policy has a very negative impact on the Chinese population, which is getting old. China wants to encourage couples to have more children, but working mothers have many problems with the new policy. Working mothers must look after children and the household when they come home from work. Companies discriminate against working mothers because they know that men or other women can work more. Companies do not want to pay maternity leave , which is 98 days and it is with full pay. The government pays only a part of the money, and companies do not like it.	China´s three-child policy is putting more pressure on working women, as the country cannot afford to have more women dropping out of the workforce. With 61% of working women, China has one of the highest labor force participation rates for women in all of Asia; however, the number´s been decreasing since the 1990s. China began to undo the one-child policy to allow couples to have three children as part of and an increasingly desperate effort to reverse falling birthrates. The three-child policy is a huge blow for working women, as companies already discriminate against women who have two children, and now, they are going to discriminate against women even more. China´s tech industry has become a notoriously unfriendly place for working mothers, as companies force workers to work excessively long hours. Besides this, employers don´t want to pay for maternity leave. By law, women in China can get at least 98 days of leave with full pay; however, the benefit´s only partially paid by the government.
People play with bubble wrap . They love it. An artist turns bubble wrap into art. He colours the bubbles. The artist has his special method. It is top secret . He uses computers, syringes and other tools . He makes some of the tools. The idea came from a security guard. The artist also had some bubble wrap. The man will show the pictures on the 7 th of May in New York.	People love playing with bubble wrap. An artist from New York turns bubble wrap into art by colouring the bubbles. The artist mastered the technique for making his pictures. It is top secret and it involves computers, syringes and homemade tools. The idea came because of an excited security guard and leftover bubble wrap. The artist’s latest work will be shown on 7 th of May in New York.	Now, we all love having a bit of fun with bubble wrap, but New York artist Bradley Hart has turned bubble wrap into art. Yeah, over the past four years, Bradley’s mastered a top secret technique that involves custom-made computer algorithms , syringes and homemade tools. Bradley says the idea came after an encounter with an overzealous security guard and leftover bubble wrap. “Oh my God! That’s it! And I know that it’s an idea that wasn’t 100% new, to play with the idea of the cultural trope on whether or not one should touch art because that’s what the art began on. They didn’t start as paintings or the sculptures they’re moving into. It actually began as a sculpture of just a roll of bubble wrap and playing with the idea that should you touch the art or not.” Bradley will show off his latest work on the 7 th of May at Cavaller Galleries in New York.
This happens at a petrol station. The petrol station is in Israel. A man is at the petrol station. He is filling his car with petrol. A woman comes up to him.  She asks him for cigarettes. The man says no. The woman walks away for a second, but she comes back soon. She has a lighter . She sets the petrol pump on fire. There is fire everywhere. It is shocking, but everybody is OK. Police arrest the woman.	A woman in Israel came to a man who was filling his petrol tank at a petrol station. She asked him for cigarettes, but he refused to give her any. The woman turned away, but came back later. She pulled a lighter from her pocket and ignited the petrol pump. The man pulled out the pump from his car – the place was immediately on fire. A security camera filmed everything. It is a shocking video. Police arrested the woman shortly after the incident, and sent her for psychological tests. Luckily, the incident injured no one.	Israeli police have arrested a woman suspected of setting a pump on fire at a petrol station in Jerusalem. This is the moment CCTV footage shows the woman on Tuesday approaching a man at the station and then turns away. She can then be seen turning back, pulling a lighter from her pocket and igniting the petrol pump. The driver’s brother is said to have been sitting inside the car when it set ablaze , but luckily no injuries were reported. A police spokesman said in a written statement that a woman approached a man while filling his petrol tank and asked for a cigarette. When he refused to give it to her, she pulled out a lighter from her pocket and ignited the pump. The woman was arrested shortly after the incident and during an investigation she denied it. The woman’s arrest has now been extended for five days and she’s been sent for psychological tests.
President Trump gives his first visit to troops in a war zone . Trump and First Lady Melania Trump go to Iraq.  They go the day after Christmas. They spend three hours with the troops. The president speaks with reporters. He talks about the US government shut-down . He says US troops will stay in Iraq. A little while ago he says that US troops will leave Syria. People think this means more fighting will happen. The fighting will happen if the American troops leave.	A day after Christmas, President Trump gave his first visit to troops in a war zone when he and First Lady Melania Trump visited US troops in Iraq. The Trumps spent three hours with them. The president also spoke with reporters about the US government shut-down . He also said that he has no plans to remove the troops from Iraq. Recently he said that he would remove troops from Syria. People believe that when the US leaves, some groups in the war will fight one another. It is not known how the US will leave Syria.	A day after Christmas, President Trump gave his first visit to troops in a war zone when he and First Lady Melania Trump gave a surprise visit to US troops in Iraq. The Trumps spent three hours with the troops to thank them for their service. The president also spoke with reporters about the government shut-down back in the US, and he implied that the shut-down would continue until he gets funding for a Mexico-US border. He added that he has no plans to remove the troops from Iraq. A week ago, he said that he would remove troops from Syria. People believe that when the US leaves, some factions in the Syrian war will fight among themselves. The US is unclear how it will leave Syria and if it will continue to support the war through other means.
People in the US vote for a new president. Joe Biden is the winner. Joe Biden is 77 years old. He becomes the 46 th US president. At first, it seems that Donald Trump is going to win again. But everything changes soon. Biden gets ahead of Trump. It is important to count all votes . Biden wins in many US states. He wins in Pennsylvania. It is clear that Trump cannot win. Biden´s supporters are happy. They celebrate in the streets. But Trump´s supporters are angry. They do not believe what happens. Donald Trump is not happy with the result . He does not accept that Biden wins. Trump´s lawyers want to change the situation. Trump believes that he can be the US president again.	Democrat Joe Biden became the winner of a battle with Donald Trump, and he became the new US president. It took several days to count all the votes, and in the beginning, it seemed that Donald Trump would win again. But the situation changed and Biden took the lead . Good news for Biden came from Pennsylvania, where he won, and it was clear that Trump could not beat him. Biden´s supporters started to celebrate in streets across the US, but Trump´s supporters were not happy at all. At the time when TV networks said that Biden was the winner, Trump was playing golf.	On Saturday, Democrat Joe Biden emerged as the winner of a contentious battle for the White House. The declaration came after a batch of mail-in votes in Pennsylvania expanded Biden´s lead and there was no chance of president Trump catching up. Major TV networks declared Biden the winner of the state which meant that he got enough points to win the election. Spontaneous celebrations started in city streets across the US; however, Trump´s supporters were in disbelief and they took to the streets to vent against Biden´s victory. President Trump was not at the White House but out golfing when the election was called. He did not accept the defeat and he said that the election was not over. Trump repeatedly without evidence made claims of electoral fraud and his legal team is going to try to stop Biden from his victory.
Antonin Stradivari is the most famous violin maker. He makes violins a long time ago. About 550 of his violins exist now. One violin is called the Ames Stradivarius. He makes it in 1734. It is worth millions of dollars. A musician owns the violin. Someone steals it from him. This is in 1980. Years later, the thief shows his ex-wife the violin. In 2015, she takes the violin to an expert. They find out that it is the Ames Stradivarius. The violin returns to the owner ’s family.	Antonin Stradivari, the world’s renowned violin maker, made violins in the 1700s. Only about 550 violins made by him exist now. He made one violin called the Ames Stradivarius in 1734, which is probably worth millions of dollars. Someone stole that violin from a musician in 1980. Decades later, the thief, who was another violinist, showed his ex-wife a locked violin case. In 2015, she took that violin for an appraisal and found out what it was. The family of the owner received the violin back. A Chinese woman who came to study under the true owner of the violin played it in New York City on March 13th.	A violin called the Ames Stradivarius, is one of about 550 violins to exist by Antonin Stradivari. He is the world’s renowned violin maker. He made the violin in 1734, and it is probably worth millions of dollars. The violin was stolen in 1980 from musician Roman Totenberg. The presumed thief was a journeyman violinist named Philip Johnson. Decades later, he showed his ex-wife a locked violin case. In 2015, she took the violin for an appraisal and learned what it was. The Totenberg family received the violin back. The violin was in good shape, but it had been repaired unusually because Philip could not have taken it to a professional, as he might have been caught. The family started a meticulous restoration that took over a year. Mira Wang, who came to the US from China over 30 years ago to study under Totenberg, played the violin in New York City on March 13th.
‘John Lemon’ is a lemonade company. ‘Lemon’ sounds like ‘Lennon’. The company also has some advertisements with the famous singer, John Lennon. Yoko Ono is John Lennon’s widow . She sues John Lemon. John Lemon can hire lawyers and fight back. Or it has to change its name. The company changes its name. Their new name is ‘On Lemon’.	Yoko Ono, the widow of the famous singer, John Lennon, sued a Polish company named ‘John Lemon’ for copyright infringement . The lemonade company said that Lennon and Lemon are two different names, and that the company sells lemonade, not music. However, the company also made some ads with Lennon’s famous glasses and used his words ‘imagine’ and ‘let it be’. There is also a wall painting of John Lennon holding a lemon tree next to the company’s name. Instead of a long and expensive battle with Ono’s lawyers, Mr Lemon changed the company name to ‘On Lemon’.	A Polish lemonade company branded as ‘John Lemon’ was sued by John Lennon’s widow, Yoko Ono, for copyright infringement . Karol Camera, a John lemon supplier, said that Lennon and Lemon were two different names selling two different products. However, the company used the shape of the former singer’s iconic glasses along with his words ‘imagine’ or ‘let it be’. A wall painting of John Lennon used as an ad, where he was holding a lemon tree, was also photographed. Instead of a lengthy legal battle, Mr Lemon decided to settle and change the brand name to ‘On Lemon’.
Police kill a black man in the US last week. People around the world protest . People do not agree with racism . Many people think that police behave badly towards some people. Many people protest in France. In 2016, French police arrest a black man. The man later dies. People in Australia protest, too. Australian police kill 400 native Australians. Officials do not try to find out what happens. Protests start in London, UK, and in South Africa. Many black people live in the UK and in South Africa. Experts say that the US has a lot of racism. The situation in the US is not easy. Black people say that white people have better lives. However, racism is in many countries of the world.	People around the world are protesting against racism and police abuse . The protests started in the US last week, after police killed a black man. In Paris, France, 20,000 people supported US protesters. French people remembered the death of a black man who died in 2016 after police arrested him. Protesters in Australia say that officials did not investigate the death of more than 400 native Australians by police. Thousands of people protested in the UK and in South Africa. Protesters said that minorities did not have the same rights and freedom as other people. Experts say that there is a lot of racism in the US. However, racism exists in many countries in the world. The death of the black man in the US made minorities around the world upset and angry.	The death of George Floyd, an African American man who was killed by police last week, sparked protests around the globe. Thousands of people worldwide are protesting against racism and police abuse in their home countries. In Paris, France, 20,000 people showed support to US protesters, and they denounced the 2016 death of a black man in French police custody. In Australia, Floyd´s death has renewed calls to investigate police brutality against indigenous Australians. Thousands of people demonstrated in London, UK, and in Cape Town, the capital of South Africa. The video of the incident with George Floyd made minorities across the globe angry and upset because minorities feel increasingly oppressed . Experts say that the US is a place where people can see the reality of racism, and that what is happening in the US is only a more extreme version of what is happening around the world.
This news is for people who love cats. It is about a keyboard for cats. You play the keyboard normally. The keyboard makes normal sounds. However, it also changes the sound. Cats can hear this type of sound. Cats can enjoy the music, too! Some people want to control the Internet. Other people don’t like this. They are against it. They start a campaign . It is called the Pussy Cat Riot . It has the word “cat” in its name. Now the keyboard is part of that campaign. People organise a live show. Somebody plays the keyboard to cats.	This news is especially for cat lovers! A team of vets, scientists and sound artists created a keyboard for cats. You play it just like a normal keyboard, and it converts the sound into frequencies for cats. Both the keyboard player and the cats can enjoy the music! Part of a campaign designed the keyboard. The campaign is called the Pussy Cat Riot. This campaign is anti-Internet censorship . The first live show was a protest performance playing national anthems of countries that censor the Internet. The audience was, of course, made of cats.	An ultrasonic keyboard was designed specifically for a cat’s sense of hearing and plays music in feline frequencies, so not only can the keyboard player play in human frequencies, but your cat can also enjoy them. An enthusiastic team of vets, sound artists and scientists created the keyboard. It is fed through an iPad which converts the frequencies that people can hear into frequencies that only cats can hear. The team also created the keyboard as part of an anti-Internet censorship campaign called the Pussy Cat Riot. The first live show was a protest performance to an audience of cats playing national anthems of countries that heavily censor the Internet.
Journalists write about an unusual ventilator deal. In 2014, the US government and the company Philips make a deal. The US government wants ventilators. These ventilators are cheap and light. The US can use them in emergency situations. The price of the ventilators is almost $14 million dollars. However, the ventilators never come. Philips makes a different type of the ventilators. The company sells them overseas . The price of these ventilators is much higher. Now, the US government and Philips make a new deal. The problem is that the ventilators cost a lot. The US government wants to know why. The government sends a letter to Philips. Philips must explain the situation.	Journalists say that a Dutch company promised the US government a stockpile of ventilators . These ventilators were cheap, and people could use them easily. The US could use them in emergency situations, such as a pandemic . The company Philips and the US Department of Health and Human Services agreed to a $13.8 million deal in 2014. However, journalists found out that the ventilators never came. Philips made a different type of the ventilator and sold it overseas at a much higher price. Now, the US government and Philips agreed to a new deal. However, the price of the ventilators is four times higher than usual, and the US government wants to know why.	Years ago, a Dutch company reportedly promised the US government a stockpile of cheap, portable , and easy-to-use ventilators for pandemics worth millions of dollars. However, journalists found out that these ventilators never came. Now, the two parties have agreed to a new deal that is charging four times the price of new ventilators, and the US Congress wants to know why. The Subcommittee on Economic and Consumer Policy addressed its concerns to the company Philips and cited information dating back to 2014, when the Department of Health and Human Services and Philips agreed to a $13.8 million contract to make ventilators for the National Strategic Stockpile. Philips never actually made the ventilators, and the company made a commercial version of the ventilator, which is sold overseas at a much higher price.
Sudan´s prime minister , Abdalla Hamdok, travels to his office in the capital city. He travels in a group of cars. It is safer for him. However, somebody attacks the cars. Nobody dies in the attack. One security officer must go to hospital.  Hamdok is healthy and safe. Political situation in Sudan is very difficult. Last year, Sudan´s president leaves his job. He is a criminal. He must go to court . Now, the government wants to change the system in the country. It is not easy. There are many conflicts . Hamdok says that he wants to continue his work.	The Prime Minister of Sudan, Abdalla Hamdok, traveled to his office in the capital city, Khartoum. Somebody attacked his convoy and injured one security officer. Officials are investigating the attack; however, they do not know who did it. Hamdok wrote on social media that he is well and healthy. He wants to continue changing the politics in Sudan. In April 2019, Sudan´s president left his job. He was in power for 20 years, and he faces many criminal charges . Currently, the country is going through political transformation , which brings many conflicts.	Local media report that the Prime Minister of Sudan, Abdalla Hamdok, survived an assassination attempt . Hamdok was traveling to his office in the capital city, Khartoum, when his convoy was hit with explosives and gunfire. Reports say that a security officer was injured in the attack. The attack comes as the country is undergoing a transformation to civilian rule , following the ousting of Sudan´s former president in April last year. On social media, Hamdok assured people that he was well and healthy. He said that what happened will not stop the changes in the country. Police are investigating who could be responsible for the attack.
This news is from Russia. A brown bear breaks into a shopping centre. It is aggressive . The bear runs into a kindergarten. Police shoot it and kill it.	In Russia, A brown bear broke into a shopping centre. A police spokesperson said the bear was aggressive and posed a real threat to people. The bear then ran to a local kindergarten where police shot it and killed it.	This CCTV  footage shows the shocking moment a brown bear broke into a shopping mall in Russia. A police spokesperson said the bear became aggressive after breaking through the glass door seen here and posed a real threat to local residents. The bear then ran to a local kindergarten where it was shot and killed by police.
There are many refugees in Germany. This year, there will be 800,000 refugees. This causes problems. Some people attack the refugees. There are 150 attacks in 6 months. Some people fight outside a refugee centre. This refugee centre is in Dresden. Police want to stop it. They use tear gas and pepper spray.	Germany is EU’s biggest recipient of refugees . It expects the number of migrants to reach 800,000 this year. This, however, causes problems. In the first half of this year alone, people recorded some 150 attacks, including arson , on refugee shelters . There was a second night of fights outside a refugee centre in Dresden. Police used tear gas and pepper spray to stop the violence.	Germany expects the number of migrants it takes in to quadruple this year to 800,000. And that has caused tensions . Germany’s interior minister has called for a crackdown on right wing militants and racists after a second night of scuffles outside a refugee centre in Dresden. Police used tear gas and pepper spray to break up right-wing radicals and far-left protestors on Sunday evening. As Europe struggles with an influx of migrants fleeing war in countries such as Syria and Iraq, German politicians are worried about the financial and social effects on their country, which is currently the EU’s biggest recipient of refugees. Many politicians have warned about a rise in hostility towards foreigners. In the first half of the year alone, some 150 attacks, including arson , were recorded on refugee shelters .
On Twitter, there are many accounts that are inactive . This means that people do not use them for a very long time. Twitter wants to delete accounts that people do not use for more than six months. The reason is to keep accounts more accurate . People do not like this idea. They want to keep memories of people who die. If Twitter deletes their accounts, people lose memories of them. Therefore, Twitter must find another solution . Twitter says that this plan is only for people from the European Union. However, in the future, Twitter wants to delete inactive accounts in all of the world.	Twitter had a plan to delete inactive accounts that people did not use in the last six months. The company wanted to present more correct information for the accounts. However, people did not like this plan. They said that if Twitter deletes the accounts of people who died, they will lose memories of them. Twitter is thinking about the plan again. and it said that it must find a way to memorialize accounts. The plan concerns only EU accounts because of the EU law. However, in the future, Twitter wants to change its inactive account policy in other parts of the world, too. The idea is to keep the service similar worldwide.	Twitter announced that it will start to remove inactive accounts and that users will have until December 11 to login if they want to keep their accounts. The company wanted to start deleting accounts that were inactive in the last six months. The plan was to present more accurate information on Twitter. Now, Twitter is rethinking its plan following feedback from users who said that this would delete the posts of people who have died. In a statement on Wednesday, the company said that it will not remove any inactive accounts until it creates a new way for people to memorialize accounts. The company clarified that for now, the plan would only affect EU accounts due to local regulations. However, to ensure the integrity of the service in the future, Twitter wants to enforce its inactive account policy globally.
Cotopaxi Volcano is in Ecuador. This volcano is active. It is also the highest volcano in Ecuador. It is 6,000 metres high. The volcano erupts . It sends ash 2,000 metres in the air. Later, this ash falls down. It covers some towns. The eruption is beautiful. Some people watch it. The volcano is not dangerous, but people are watching it to make sure.	Cotopaxi Volcano is Ecuador’s highest active volcano. The volcano began to spew ash and smoke after a tremor last Friday. It looked amazing. One town lies 45 kilometres north of the volcano, and some people came together to watch the eruption. The volcano rises to nearly 6,000 metres and the ash spewed up to 2 kilometres in the air. Later, it covered nearby towns. People do not need to leave the area, but there is a state of emergency. People watch the volcano closely. Before this eruption, it erupted 75 years ago in 1940.	This footage captures the spectacular eruption of Ecuador’s highest active volcano. The massive Cotopaxi Volcano spewed ash and smoke up to 2 kilometres over its crater on Friday, with the Geophysical Institute reporting that it entered an active state of eruption after a 5:30 a.m. tremor . For almost three hours from noon until 3 p.m. local time, the volcano continuously emitted smoke and ash that covered nearby towns with a thick coat of soot . Authorities said that later in the evening, the emissions died down, containing primarily vapour and some ash. The town of San Rafael lies 45 kilometres north of the volcano and some residents here gathered outside to watch the impressive sight. The volcano is located around 31 miles (50 kilometres) south of Quito. Its snow-topped symmetrical cone which rises to nearly 6,000 meters is visible from the capital on a clear day. Authorities haven’t ordered mandatory evacuations but have declared a state of emergency and are monitoring the situation closely. The last recorded eruption of this volcano was 75 years ago in 1940.
This news is from Kazan. It is a city in Russia. A shopping centre is in the city. A fire starts in the shopping centre. The flames cover all of the building. Around 600 people are in the shopping centre. Most of them leave the building. Five people die in the flames. Part of the building collapses . It traps around 25 people. We don’t know what started the fire.	A fire started on the first floor of a shopping centre in the Russian city of Kazan. The flames covered the whole building last Wednesday at around 1 p.m. More than 600 people evacuated from the building, but five people died. Part of the centre collapsed and it may have trapped up to 25 people in the rubble . Three helicopters dispatched to join the rescue operation. The cause of the fire is not yet known.	Five people have died and up to twenty-five people are feared trapped in rubble after a fire at a shopping centre in the Russian city of Kazan. The raging flames engulfed the building on Wednesday at around 1 p.m. It started in a cafe on the first floor of the three-storey mall and covered an area of around 4,000 square metres. More than 600 people were cleared from the building. Gas was turned off in time to prevent the fire from spreading further, and three helicopters were dispatched to join the rescue operation. Part of the centre collapsed and emergency officials said that sixteen people were being treated in hospital. Russia’s emergency ministry has not yet confirmed the cause of the fire.
Here is news from Pakistan. Every year, people hold a festival there. Part of the festival has an interesting sport. It is called yak polo. It is like normal polo. However, the players don’t ride on horses. They ride on yaks! A yak is a big animal. It looks like a hairy cow. This area of Pakistan is very traditional . The people there don’t know about electricity, hospitals or other things. Many people never leave this area.	Every year in Pakistan, people hold an interesting festival. It takes place nearly 3,000 feet (which is almost 4 km) above sea level. The major attraction of this festival is a sport called yak polo. It is like regular polo, but the players ride on yaks, not on horses. A yak is a big animal which looks like a hairy cow. Many people in this area of Pakistan never travel outside the region. They are unfamiliar with things like electricity, hospitals or even clean drinking water.	Despite Broghil Valley being a highly isolated region in the northernmost valley of the Chitral district of Pakistan, it hosts a world sport known as yak polo. Yes, you did hear correctly, yak polo is played at an altitude of nearly 13,000 feet (almost 4 km) above sea level, and is a major attraction of the annual Broghil festival. The special sporting event is played riding on yaks instead of horses in the Himalaya and Hindu Kush mountain ranges of the country. Each polo team has six players who rush towards the opponent’s goal posts. The area lacks basic facilities ; many of its people have never travelled outside the region and are not familiar with modern facilities like electricity, access to health facilities or clean drinking water. The yak polo players say the animals are expensive to buy and they are hoping for financial assistance to keep the sport alive.
This news is about a young woman. She is 23 years old. She is driving. She is going too fast. The police stop her. She has another problem. She has no driving license or insurance . The woman does another bad thing. She drives into a police car. She injures three people. Two of them are policemen. One of them is the girl’s mother. The girl’s mother is in the car with her. The young woman is in trouble now. She can go to prison for up to 43 years.	Police pulled over a 23-year-old woman for speeding. Sheriff’s deputies found out that she was also driving without a valid driving license or insurance. They were about to impound her car when she backed into the police car. She injured three people – the two deputies and her mother, who was a passenger in her car. The young woman is now facing up to 43 years in prison. This is not the first time the woman has been in trouble with the law. She also did not come to court earlier this month for a different case.	A 23-year-old woman is facing up to 43 years in prison after she injured three people in this seemingly deliberate collision. Kavina Freeman from Milwaukee is accused of reckless endangerment, use of a dangerous weapon and fleeing the scene. Two sheriff’s deputies were injured in the incident as was Freeman’s mother, who was a passenger in the car. According to reports, deputies were about to impound Freeman’s car for driving without a valid licence or insurance, after she was initially pulled over for speeding. It’s not the first time this woman has been in trouble with the law. Officials told local media that Freeman failed to appear in court earlier this month for a different case.
Christina Koch is a US astronaut. She spends almost 11 months in space . It is the longest stay in space for a woman. Koch works at the International Space Station. She walks in space six times. She does many tests. She grows plants. She tastes them. She studies what fire does in space. Scientists want to know if people can live in space. It is important for NASA . NASA is a space agency. The agency wants to know what happens to a woman´s body in space. It is important for future missions to the moon and Mars.	A US astronaut, Christina Koch, spent 328 days at the International Space Station. It was the longest stay in space for a woman. NASA planned that Koch would stay in space six months; however, the agency decided to make her mission longer. It was a good chance to study the effects of a long stay in space on a woman´s body. This was very useful for future NASA missions to the moon and Mars. Koch did 6 space walks, and she helped with more than 100 experiments. She studied how plants grow in space, and she could eat them, too. She did some experiments that studied if people are able to live outside Earth.	A US astronaut, Christina Koch, spent 328 days in space which is a record for a female astronaut. She completed her mission, landing in a remote area of Kazakhstan. Her time in space allows researchers to study the effects of a long-term spaceflight on the female body. NASA said that the findings will help the agency during its future missions to the moon and Mars. Koch concluded six space walks and she helped the International Space Station with more than 100 experiments. She studied how plants grow or how fire reacts in space. She also helped install a 3D printer that prints organ-like tissues . The experiments will help NASA study human viability outside Earth.
This news is about a boy. He is 11 years old. He is from England. He takes the Mensa IQ  test . His score is 162. He could be more clever than Albert Einstein or Stephen Hawking. One of the boy’s hobbies is badminton. He wants to use his intelligence to help the world.	An 11-year-old boy scored 162 in the Mensa  IQ test . Only around 2 per cent of people reach a score higher than 132, which is a ticket to the Mensa club. The boy’s IQ could be higher than Einstein’s or Stephen Hawking’s. The boy is from a town in England and one of his hobbies is badminton. He wants to use his intelligence to help the world. He said that the test was not ’that difficult’, but he admitted that he had to guess on a few questions because there was not enough time.	An 11-year-old from a town west of London scored 162 in the Mensa IQ test, meaning that his brain could be brighter than Stephen Hawking’s or Albert Einstein’s. He said that the test wasn’t ’that difficult’ but admitted that he had to guess a few questions as there was not much time. Arnav, whose hobbies include badminton, wants to use his intelligence to help the world. Only around 2 per cent of people reach a score higher than 132, which is a ticket into the Mensa club.
This news is from England. An event is  held there. Around 200 people come. They wear old clothing, and they put fake blood on their faces. They look like zombies. Then the zombies dance Zumba. They try to set a new world record. Sadly, there is no category in the Guinness Book of World Records for this. The zombies dance to their favourite songs. For example, they dance to Michael Jackson’s “Thriller”, the “Ghostbusters” theme and even “Gangnam Style”.	Over 200 dancers took part in an event in England. They put on old clothing, fake blood, and painted their faces white to look like zombies. They tried to set a new world record for the largest Zumba class with zombie dancers. Sadly, the Guinness World Record doesn’t currently have a category for this, so the participants must wait to see if they establish the category. They danced to zombie favourites like Michael Jackson’s “Thriller”, the “Ghostbusters” theme and even Gangnam Style.	Talk about a monster  mash ! Almost 200 Zumba dancers donned white face paint, ripped clothes and fake blood and attempted to dance their way into the record books. One hundred and eighty-three zombie dancers in total took part in the event at Tulleys Farm in West Sussex, UK. “It’ll be interesting. I say, I’ve never done it before so I’m just going to go with the flow if you like.” “As a zombie who’s just so dead-icated to my fitness then this is a really important day for me, especially if it sets a world record.” “It’s exotic isn’t it? Zombies can be from anywhere in the world and that Zumba is a South American exotic dance and this is an exotic festival.” The 15-minute set included tracks featuring zombie dance favourites such as Michael Jackson’s “Thriller”, “The Time Warp”, and some special mixes including “Dracula Tango”, “Ghostbusters” and the incredibly scary “Gangnam Style”. The Zumba record attempt was led from the stage by qualified instructors and a team of dancers. Here’s the awkward part… Guinness World Records doesn’t currently have a category for the largest Zumba class featuring zombies… I know, I was shocked as well. So we will have to wait to find out if Guinness recognises it and if these ghouls have gangnamed their way to Guinness glory.
This news is from Italy. Doctors there can prescribe marijuana to people. It can help many patients . However, only a few people want the marijuana. It is expensive. It costs 38 euros. Italy wants to make the drug cheaper. It tells the army to grow it. The price of marijuana is going to halve .	Italy legalised marijuana for medicinal purposes last year. Doctors already can prescribe cannabis to relieve pain, nausea and other illnesses, but it does not interest very many people. This is mainly because of the stigma marijuana has in Catholic Italy. It is also not very cheap. It costs 38 euros. However, this is going to change. Italy is going to use its army to produce the drug at lower costs. Marijuana is going to cost half the money that it costs now.	Last year, Italy legalised marijuana for medicinal purposes and now the country is drafting  in the army to make cheaper batches of the drug. Not many patients initially signed up when the drug was legalised, largely because of the stigma it has in Catholic Italy and the cost. Though Italian doctors can already prescribe cannabis to relieve pain, nausea and treat symptoms of illnesses like multiple  sclerosis , only a few dozen patients actually paid the almost 38 euros. But by using the army to produce the drug, the country’s health minister hopes it will halve the cost. “The aim obviously is to reduce the cost. That’s the motive behind of what we’re doing. We believe we can become self-sufficient and more than just halve the production costs and thus , eventually, also reduce administration costs.” Starting next year, a high-security lab in a military compound in Florence will produce cannabis for Italy’s healthcare system.
A pesticide is a chemical that a farmer uses to keep insects away from his crops . California bans a pesticide. This pesticide is very dangerous for people. It is more dangerous than everybody thinks. It can damage children´s brains. Farmers use it on many different crops. An environmental organization signs a deal with the company that makes the pesticide. The sale of the pesticide ends in February 2020. Farmers can use it until the end of 2020. Farmers get money to find a safer pesticide. The California governor says that this is a big victory for all people in California.	California bans the sale of a pesticide called chlorpyrifos because it causes brain damage in children. Farmers use it on many crops. State officials say that the pesticide is more toxic than they thought. People designated it as toxic in 2018. An environmental agency signed a deal with the pesticide maker to end the sale of this pesticide in February 2020. However, farmers can use it until the end of 2020. Farmers also get financial support to make a safer alternative. California Governor, Gavin Newsom, is happy with the new deal. He says that it is a big victory for children, workers, and public health.	California will ban the sale of a pesticide called chlorpyrifos because it is linked to brain damage in children. Farmers use the pesticide in numerous crops such as alfalfa, cotton, grapes, and walnuts. In 2018, people designated it as toxic. According to state regulators, it is more harmful than they previously believed. The California Environmental Protection agency reached a deal with the pesticide´s manufacturer. It announced that the sale of the pesticide will end in February 2020. Farmers can use up all their supplies until the end of 2020. The deal will set aside more than 5 million dollars to help manufacturers develop a safer alternative. California Governor Gavin Newsom welcomed the deal. He said that it is a victory for children, workers, and public health in California.
The earth travels in space. Its journey is the same every year. It travels through pieces of rock between September and December. These pieces enter the atmosphere of the earth. They burn. You can often see them. Most people see them at the end of November. They are called “Halloween fireballs” because of this. This year, there are two green fireballs. People in Poland and Thailand see them.	Between September and December every year, the earth travels through debris from a comet. Some of the debris enters the atmosphere as meteors. The meteors are most visible at the end of November, and that’s why people often call them Halloween fireballs . People saw two green fireballs in Thailand and Poland. People filmed them from their cars.	Two Halloween fireballs believed to be burning meteors have been caught on camera falling in the night sky. The green fireballs were seen in Thailand and Poland with witnesses capturing the incident from their cars. The shooting stars are part of the Taurid’s meteor shower and are dubbed Halloween fireballs due to their occurrence in late October. The Thai Astronomical Society said the meteor seen from Bangkok could be identified as a fireball given its brightness. According to the Polish Fireball Network, the bolide, a term used by astronomers to refer to meteors that explode in the atmosphere, was spotted by many people across the country. The shower is an annual event, occurring between September and December, as the Earth travels through debris from the comet Encke. The meteors are said to be most visible through to the end of November with the possibility of spotting as many as a dozen per hour if conditions allow.
In 2019, Daphne Cardinal gives birth to a baby girl. It happens after an IVF treatment. IVF is a special medical procedure. It helps couples who cannot have a child. A doctor puts a man´s sperm in a woman´s egg in a laboratory. The sperm and egg are body parts that help make a baby. Daphne´s husband Alexander thinks that the baby does not look like them. He thinks that the baby is not theirs. A DNA test shows that the Cardinals are not the actual parents of the girl. They speak with another couple. They switch the babies. The situation is very hard for Daphne. She feeds the baby with her milk. Daphne and her 5-year-old daughter love the baby. The Cardinals sue an IVF clinic in California. The clinic makes a bad mistake. It switches the embryos. An embryo is a baby inside a woman´s body. It is a few weeks old.	In 2019, Daphne Cardinal gave birth to a baby girl after an IVF treatment. Shortly after the birth, her husband Alexander saw that the baby did not look like them. Daphne breastfed the baby for months, and she formed a relationship with the baby, as did their five-year-old daughter. Then a DNA test confirmed that the Cardinals were not the baby´s actual parents, and an IVF clinic in California, US, switched embryos . The Cardinals met the other couple, and about a month later, they decided to switch their babies. The Cardinals are suing the clinic for wrong treatment and for hiding information from them. They say that it was very difficult for them and their daughter to give away a baby who they spent several months with.	A couple sued a fertility clinic in California, US, for switching their embryo or unborn baby with another couple´s during an IVF treatment. IVF is a procedure during which a laboratory helps a woman´s eggs and a man´s sperm come together to create embryos, and then the embryos are put into the woman´s body. In 2019, Daphne Cardinal and her husband Alexander gave birth to and raised the other couple´s baby for months before discovering the mistake. Alexander said that he immediately suspected that something was wrong because the baby girl didn´t resemble either of them. Two months later, the couple got a DNA test to confirm the infant wasn´t their actual child. Daphne said that she breastfed and cared for the child that she was later forced to give away. The Cardinals are suing the clinic for not following their contract, not performing medical procedures correctly, negligence , and fraudulent concealment . They say that they suffered severe emotional damage as did their five-year-old daughter.
We have a special website for you. The name is www.grammarinlevels.com . You can learn grammar for your level. You can send this website to your friends. We hope that you like this project.  Have a nice day, News in Levels team	Hello students, We have a new website for you. The name is www.grammarinlevels.com . You can learn important grammar for your level. You can also send a link to this website to your friends. We hope that you will like this new project.  Have a nice day, News in Levels team	Hello students, We have a special website for you. The name is www.grammarinlevels.com . You can learn important grammar for your level. You can also send a link to this website to your friends. We hope this website will help you understand grammar better.  Have a nice day, News in Levels team
People with COVID-19 have many symptoms . Pink eyes are one of the symptoms. Scientists know more than two million different kinds of pink color. They know which color is usual for people with COVID-19. Scientists in one German company make a special app. This app can detect COVID-19. It is very easy to use it. You install the app in your smartphone. You take a picture of one of your eyes. Then you must wait three to five minutes. The app sends you a message. It tells you if you have COVID-19 or not. The app also checks your temperature, heartbeat, and eye infection. It helps to get the correct result. The result is correct in 95% of cases .	Scientists found out that people who had COVID-19 had pink eye syndrome. It means that the color of the white part or their eyes turns pink. Scientists know two million different colors of pink, and they can tell which color is usual for COVID-19 patients. Scientists in a German company Semic RF made a special app which can detect COVID-19. It is very easy to use the app. You install it in your phone and then, you take a photo of one of your eyes. The app uses Artificial Intelligence which can tell in less than five minutes if you are sick or not. The app also checks your blood pressure , pulse , body temperature, and possible eye infection to detect COVID-19 successfully.	Specialists realized that there was a connection between COVID-19, and the pink coloring in the sclera , the so-called pink eye syndrome. Scientists have managed to isolate the pink color of COVID-19 from over two million different pink shades and put it into an app. Using a patented Artificial Intelligence, the app is able to determine within just three to five minutes if a person has a COVID-19 infection. This method could usher in a new era of testing with a hit rate of 95% by taking an image of the right or left eye with any smartphone. The system also reads out the disease from a possible conjunctivitis , current blood pressure, pulse, and body temperature. The German company Semic RF hopes for a US roll out in May 2021, and it is waiting for regulatory approval by US authorities.
There is a new “Ghostbusters” movie. People promote it at a station in London. A model of a character from the film is there. It is the Marshmallow Man. He is 2.9 metres high and 2.8 metres wide. He breaks through the floor. People take pictures of him. Some people are just shocked.	A giant marshmallow is bursting its way through the floor of a London station. There is also green slime hanging from the ceiling. All of this is to promote the new Ghostbusters movie. Some people got a picture of the Marshmallow Man, some took pictures with him, and some were just a little too shocked. The Marshmallow Man is 2.9 metres high and 2.8 metres wide.	It’s not every day you see a giant marshmallow bursting its way through the floor of Waterloo station and no, you’re not dreaming – that is green slime hanging from the ceiling. It’s all in aid of this – the brand new Ghostbusters movie. Eighties movie fans can’t believe their luck. Some want to get pictures of Stay Puft Marshmallow Man, some want to get pictures with him, then there are those who want to show off for the cameras. And then there are those who are simply lost for words. It’s back, the long-awaited return of the hits cult movie is out today, no matter which way you look at it, at 2.9 meters high and 2.8 metres wide this won’t be something you’ll forget in a hurry.
This news is about two pandas. They are seven months old. They live in Vienna Zoo. Their names are Fu Feng and Fu Ban. They go out for the first time. They have a look around. They climb trees. Their mum is with them. She watches them and helps them. The cubs play for three hours. Then they go back inside.	Two panda cubs were born seven months ago. Their names are Fu Feng and Fu Ban, and they live in Vienna Zoo. The cubs went out for the first time on Tuesday. They had a look around and climbed trees. Their mum watched them and helped them. After three hours of play, zookeepers took them back inside.	Seven-month-old panda cubs Fu Feng and Fu Ban in Vienna Zoo ventured out for the first time since they were born. They had been eager to get out, have a look around and climb the trees. All the exploring was under mum’s supervision , of course. Zookeepers took the two cubs back inside after three hours of play.
In St Petersburg, there is a chocolate festival. A sculptor makes a chocolate statue of Vladimir Putin. It is a life-size statue. The sculptor uses seventy kilograms of chocolate. Vladimir Putin is busy. He cannot come to see the sculptor. The sculptor studies pictures of Vladimir Putin. The sculptor makes a statue of Putin’s dog, too. The organisers of the festival are offering the statue to Putin. So maybe, Putin will eat himself.	For a chocolate festival in St Petersburg, a man made a chocolate statue of Vladimir Putin. He needed around 70 kilograms of chocolate to make the life-size sculpture . Unfortunately, the Russian President was too busy to sit for the sculpture – the artist had to study photos of Putin instead. The leader wasn’t alone – the sculptor also made a life-size model of the president’s late dog, Connie. The festival organisers are offering the statue to its model. So maybe, Putin will eat his chocolate self.	Recognise this handsome face? No, President Putin hasn’t just returned from a Caribbean holiday with a serious tan – this is his chocolate counterpart . Nikita Gusev has been working on this sculpture made entirely from chocolate to be showcased in the Russian city of St Petersburg at its chocolate festival. He says that the Russian President and chocolate share many attributes – they can both be soft and malleable or very hard. Around 70 kilograms of chocolate were needed to make the life-size sculpture. A first for Gusev, who’d only ever made small sculptures of Stalin, Catherine the Great and Michael Jackson. Unfortunately, for the artist, Putin was too busy dealing with world affairs to sit for the sculpture, so he had to rely on studying photos of Vladimir at different angles instead. But chocolate Putin isn’t alone – the sculptor also made a life-size model of his late labrador Connie to keep him company in his alternative  confectionery reality. Those hoping to sink their teeth into the president may be disappointed – the festival organisers are offering the statue to its muse , so it  remains to be seen whether the Russian president will be indulging in some chocolate Putin.
There is an underwater heatwave . This is bad for corals . The corals are bleached . They lose their colour because the water is too warm. A bleached coral is white. Around 38 per cent of corals are bleached this year. Around 12,000 square kilometres of corals die.	Coral reefs represent less than 0.1 per cent of the ocean floor, but they support around 25 per cent of all marine species . This year, coral reefs are suffering an underwater heatwave. It led to the third global bleaching event. A bleached coral is not colourful – it is white because you can see its skeleton. Around 38 per cent of corals are going to be bleached this year, and 12,000 square kilometres of corals will die.	Coral reefs are suffering a severe underwater heatwave this year, resulting in the third global bleaching event seen in oceans around the world. The bleaching is caused by rising sea temperatures, which leads the coral to expel the tiny  algae that give them their vivid colours. After it is expelled, the bright, white skeleton of the coral is left exposed. By the end of this year, the event is expected to impact approximately 38 per cent of the world’s coral reefs and kill over 12,000 square kilometres. Although reefs represent less than 0.1 per cent of the world’s ocean floor , they help support approximately 25 per cent of all marine species. The process is associated with El Niño – complex weather patterns which result in higher than normal ocean temperatures in large parts of the world. It is a phenomenon that has only occurred twice before in recorded history. The first was in 1998 in the Great Barrier Reef where up to 10 per cent of its corals died. The second in 2010 didn’t affect the Great Barrier Reef, partly because two local cyclones helped to drive down ocean temperatures. But this year, bleaching has already been recorded across the northern Pacific, Indian, and western Atlantic Oceans. It’s expected to become obvious in the Caribbean in the next few weeks.
A fighter jet crashes outside Moscow. It is an SU-27 fighter jet. It is not carrying any weapons . The pilot dies. He does not have time to leave. He flies the jet away from people. People are investigating this. They think it is something technical. They will stop flying all fighter jets of this same type.	The pilot of a Russian fighter jet died in a crash outside Moscow. The SU-27 fighter jet was returning to its base at the time of the incident. It was not carrying weapons or ammunition . The crash looked like the result of some kind of technical failure, and the Russian Air Force grounded its jets of the same type. The pilot did not have time to eject because he used his final seconds to fly the aircraft away from a populated area. There is now an investigation into the incident.	The pilot of a Russian fighter jet has been killed in a crash outside Moscow. Russia’s Defence Ministry said the SU-27 fighter jet, which was part of the country’s elite  aerobatic team the Russian Night, was returning to its base at the time of the incident and was not carrying weapons or ammunition. Aviation sources said the crash looked like the result of some kind of technical failure and the Russian Air Force has grounded its entire fleet of Sukhoi 27 jets. Defence Ministry sources  were cited a saying the pilot didn’t have time to eject because he’d used his final seconds to steer the aircraft away from a populated area. An investigation is reportedly underway into the cause of the crash.
Pirates are at sea. They attack ships. They take away the crew . They ask for money. When companies pay, pirates set the ship and crew free . Many pirates are in the Gulf of Guinea. Ships sail through the gulf. They bring many different things to African countries. Pirates know that Africa needs the things. Pirates wait in rivers near the coast. 22 incidents happen last year. Pirates in the gulf take away 130 sailors. They kill one sailor. Many pirates come from Nigeria. The country has a lot of problems. Many people lose jobs. They become pirates. It is important to stop the pirates. They are very dangerous. Countries must work together if they want to stop the pirates.	The Gulf of Guinea is an important way for big ships which deliver products to West African countries. Pirates know it, and they know that companies will pay a lot of money for their ships and sailors. Many pirates come from Nigeria which is a country with big economic problems. The country went through two recessions in the past five years, and many people lost their jobs. Some people did not know what to do, and they decided to attack ships. Pirates wait in rivers near the coast, they attack a ship, and they kidnap the crew. They ask companies for money and when companies pay, pirates release the ship and the crew. 25 countries try to stop the pirates, but it is important to work together because the pirates have guns and they are very dangerous.	Piracy in West Africa´s Gulf of Guinea has been on the rise. Recently, pirates have killed one sailor and kidnapped 15 people from a Turkish container ship. Pirates come from Nigeria, from a region that produces the majority of the country´s petroleum ; however, the area is underdeveloped, heavily polluted, and it has high unemployment. Over the last five years, Nigeria´s gone through two recessions due to falling oil prices, and illegal activities such as oil theft and piracy are becoming attractive for people who are desperate for money. River creeks provide an escape route and a place to hide a kidnapped crew, and pirates know that companies will pay large sums in ransom . During 2020, pirates in the gulf seized 130 sailors in 22 separate incidents. The Gulf of Guinea borders 20 countries and it is a key route for everything from soda to steel; therefore, countries in the region try to coordinate efforts to stop the piracy.
A huge sinkhole  appears in a street. This happens in China. A motorcyclist is driving to the hole. He does not see it. He is looking at his phone. He drives into the hole. He is OK.	A huge sinkhole appeared in the middle of a street in China. A motorcyclist drove right into it because he was looking down at his phone. Thankfully, he made it out with only minor injuries.	The moment that a huge sinkhole appeared on a city street in China was captured on camera. The footage later showed a motorcyclist looking down at his phone and driving straight into the abyss . Thankfully, the unobservant motorcyclist made it out of the hole with only minor injuries.
The Parrandas is a festival. People in Cuba celebrate it. They always have fireworks. This year, there is an incident . Fireworks go off at the festival inside. Many people are burned. Some people are in serious condition . Six of them are children.	The Parrandas festival is celebrated in Cuba. Its highlight is typically a fireworks battle between two neighbourhoods of the town. This year on Christmas Eve, there was an incident. Many people were burned after fireworks caught alight in a storage area. Some people, including six children, were in very serious condition. We do not yet know the cause of the incident.	Scores of people sustained burn injuries after fireworks caught alight in a storage area at a popular festival in one town in Cuba. People said that some of the injured were in very serious condition, including six children. The cause of the incident, which happened on Christmas Eve, is being investigated. The highlight of the Parrandas festival is typically a fireworks battle between two of the town’s neighbourhoods.
A spa in Cairo, Egypt, offers a special massage. It is a snake massage. The massage is 30 minutes long. First, a masseur puts oil on a person´s back and face. Then he puts 28 snakes on the body. The snakes are not dangerous to people. The owner of the spa says that snakes help lower pain. They feel the pain of muscles and joints . They move over the body. Some people are scared at first. Then, they get calm soon. They start to enjoy the massage. They can relax during the massage. They feel happier when the massage ends.	A spa in Cairo, Egypt, uses snakes to help people reduce muscle and joint pain. The massage takes 30 minutes and first, a masseur puts oil on a client´s back and face. Then he puts around 28 non-venomous snakes on the back. The snakes move smoothly on the back and face. The owner of the spa said that the snakes could feel the pain in a person´s body, and they moved over the painful places. He also said that the massage helped better blood circulation , and it made people feel happier. Some people are scared at first, but after a while, they start to enjoy the massage, and they can relax. Some people also feel good about themselves that they overcame their fear of snakes.	A spa in Cairo, Egypt, has introduced a massage using live snakes that are known for relieving muscle pain and soothing joints. Not many people would associate snakes with relaxation; however, the spa is hoping to change it. During the 30-minute massage, live snakes slither on the backs and faces of customers who look for pain relief. First, oil is rubbed on a client´s back, and then, there is a combination of pythons or around 28 different types of non-venomous snakes. Reportedly, when snakes are placed on customers´ backs they feel a sense of relief and rejuvenation . Some people feel nervous or even scared; however, the anxiety and tension decrease and people are able to relax. A man said that having snakes on his back boosted his self-confidence. The spa owner claimed that snake massages were proven to reduce muscle and joint pain while also improving blood circulation and releasing endorphins .
In the USA, the Virginia governor wants to take away a statue of General Robert E. Lee. Lee is an important person in American history. Lee fights in the American Civil War. This is a war where people in America fight each other. Lee fights for the southern states. He wants to keep black people as slaves. A slave is a person who is not free. This person belongs to somebody else. In American history, many white people have black slaves. A statue of Lee is in Richmond, Virginia. Last week, many people protest over the death of George Floyd. Floyd is a black man. Police kill him. In Richmond, people break the statue during the protests. The statue reminds people of the sad history of black people in the US. However, other people say that it is an important part of history. They want to keep the statue. The city wants to take away other statues, too.	The Virginia governor, Ralph Northam, said that officials will remove a statue of General Robert E. Lee. Lee fought in the American Civil War, and he wanted to keep black people as slaves . In Virginia, people protested over the dead of George Floyd, a black man who was killed by police. Protesters covered the statue with graffiti because the statue represents the sad history of black people in the US. Northam said that in 2020 people must not honor this part of American history and that it is necessary to move on. The statue is on Monument Avenue in Richmond, Virginia, and the city plans to remove other statues, too.	The Virginia governor, Ralph Northam, announced that a statue honoring Confederate Robert E. Lee is going to be removed. Northam said that in 2020 people can no longer honor a system that was based on enslaving people. Some people see the memorials as markers of US history and southern culture, and they say that Confederate statues should not be destroyed. However, to others they serve as an offensive reminder of the country´s history of slavery and racial oppression . The monument is located on Monument Avenue in Richmond, Virginia, and it has been vandalized during recent protests over the killing of George Floyd. The Richmond mayor, Levar Stoney, said that the city is going to remove all Confederate monuments on Monument Avenue.
This happens in China. A woman is on a bus. She replaces her mobile phone battery. Suddenly , the battery is on fire. It explodes. The woman and other passengers are shocked. They get off the bus. Luckily, everybody is fine. Experts tell people not to buy bad batteries.	A security camera captured the moment a woman’s phone battery caught on fire and exploded in her hands. The incident happened on a bus in China. Other passengers as well as the driver ran off the bus. It did not injur anyone in the incident. Safety experts reminded people not to buy cheap or low quality mobile phone batteries.	This surveillance footage from a bus in China shows the moment a woman’s mobile phone battery caught fire and exploded in her hands. In southwest China’s Sichuan Province, the video shows a woman replacing her mobile phone battery when it unexpectedly exploded, catching fire. Other passengers can be seen quickly jumping up and running off the bus, the driver following. No injuries were reported and following the incident, safety experts have reminded all mobile phone users to not buy cheap or low quality mobile phone batteries
In New Orleans, Louisiana, a hotel is under construction . A big piece of the hotel suddenly falls to the ground. It injures 18 people. In the hotel, two people die and one person is missing. People leave the buildings near the hotel. It is dangerous to be there. A fire official says that firefighters look for the missing person. Rescue workers also look for the victims . The Louisiana governor says that the event changes quickly. The hotel is not safe. This is because things still fall from the hotel.	In New Orleans, Louisiana, a hotel was under construction when a big section of it fell to the ground and injured 18 people. Two people died and one went missing at the site . People evacuated buildings near the hotel as it was unsafe. A fire official said that firefighters were looking for the missing person. Rescue workers are also going to look for the person before they look for the people who died. The Louisiana governor said that the situation is changing quickly, and it is dangerous because things continue to fall from the hotel.	In New Orleans, Louisiana, a Hard Rock Hotel was under construction when a large section of it toppled to the ground and injured 18 people. Two people died and one went missing at the site. People evacuated buildings near the hotel because it was unstable. The Fire Superintendent said that firefighters were trying to find the missing person. Rescue crews will help look for the person before they look for the victims. The Louisiana governor said that the situation is fluid and dangerous, as things continue to fall off of the hotel.
A walrus is born at a zoo. The zoo is in Germany. Walruses are born rarely at zoos, so this is something special . The zoo is very happy. It is the zoo’s first baby walrus. The baby walrus is a star . The calf and its mother must be safe. They are in a quiet part of the zoo. The baby has no name yet. People will choose it. Visitors will choose it soon.	A baby walrus was born at a zoo in Hamburg, Germany. Birth of walruses are rare, and the zoo cannot be happier. The baby is already a local star. For the Hamburg zoo, it is the first birth of a walrus calf ever. The pup and its mum need to be safe, so they are still in a quiet part of the zoo. The baby has no name yet. Visitors will choose it through a competition .	The first baby walrus born in Germany was proudly presented today at Hamburg’s Hagenbeck Zoo. The zoo called the pup a ‘sensation’ and a ‘premiere in the animal park’s 100-year-old history’, as births of walruses are rare worldwide. Already sporting a beard at his young age, the walrus baby is already a local star. As he waddled into the outdoor enclosure, blinded by all the attention, he promptly  flopped into the water but was very well looked after by his mum. For the Hamburg zoo, it’s the first birth of a walrus calf ever. In order to avoid any risk to the pup and its mum, they were kept in the relative calm and quiet of the zoo’s interior enclosure. As for the name of the walrus baby, it will be decided by the visitors through a competition starting next week.
A train crashes into a truck. The train then derails . Twelve people die. Another 260 people are injured. Emergency services come to the scene . They put out a fire from the train. They evacuate the passengers. People say that the truck driver runs away from the scene.	A train in South Africa crashed into a truck and derailed . Twelve people died and 260 were injured. Emergency services arrived at the scene to put out the fire from the train. Most of the passengers were safely evacuated. People say that the truck driver tried to flee from the scene.	A train derailed after crashing into a truck in South Africa, killing upwards of 12 people and injuring over 260. Emergency services arrived at the scene of the crash to battle the blaze that had broken out. Most of the passengers, around 850, were safely evacuated, according to the police. Some people reported that the truck driver attempted to flee the scene.
The Olympic Games in Brazil begin. They are the first Olympic Games in South America. There is an opening ceremony . It celebrates Brazil’s natural  beauty , history and culture. Three billion people watch the ceremony. Some people protest against the games. They say that they are too expensive. They protest against corruption too. The opening ceremony costs 21 million dollars. In 2012, London pays 42 million.	Brazil celebrated its natural beauty, history and culture at the Olympic Games’ opening ceremony in Rio de Janeiro last Friday. Three billion people across the world watched the first Olympic Games in South America. Outside the stadium, though, people protested against corruption and overspending on the games. The Rio 2016 committee did not say how much the ceremony cost, but people believe that it was about 21 million dollars. That is about half of what London spent in 2012.	Brazil unfolded a vast  canvas celebrating its rainforest and the creative energy of its diverse population at the Olympic Games’ opening ceremony in Rio de Janeiro on Friday. After a global doping scandal, the outbreak of the Zika virus and months of uncertainty as to whether the country would be ready for the games, the ceremony was a vibrant but poignant celebration of Brazil’s history, culture and natural beauty. Three billion people across the world tuned in to watch. Brazil’s interim president Michel Temer declared the first games ever in South America open. While the Rio 2016 committee has not said how much the ceremony cost, it’s believed to be about half of the 42 million dollars spent by London in 2012. Outside the stadium, though, the views were different as demonstrators set light to a 2016 Rio Olympics shirt in protest against corruption and overspending on the games, which come at Brazil’s worse economic downturn in decades.
This news is from Russia. People want to set a new record. They make a helicopter model. This helicopter model has horsemeat on it. It is 3.5 metres long, 1.8 metres high, and weighs 120 kilograms. It is on top of a truck. People move it to the town’s square. Many people are at the square. Sadly, the people must not eat the meat. The town’s authorities say that it is not safe. Why did the people build the helicopter? It is strange , isn’t it? Well, there are two reasons for it. Horsemeat is typical in that part of Russia, and people make helicopters in the town.	People from a Russian town tried to create the world’s biggest helicopter model made of horsemeat. It was over 3.5 metres long, 1.8 metres high and weighed over 120 kilos. People delivered it to the town’s main square on top of a truck. It even had rotating blades. Sadly, the fascinated crowds were not allowed to nibble the sausages off the helicopter after the record was set. Local authorities said that it was unsafe to feed the crowd with meat in an open public space in summer. But why build a helicopter out of horsemeat? The city’s main industry is its helicopter-making plant , and horsemeat is the traditional cuisine from that part of Russia.	In Kumertau, Russia, the main industrial hub is a plant that makes helicopters, and horsemeat is a traditional cuisine there. This situation gave people a strange idea to make something. These people attempted to create the world’s biggest helicopter model made out of horsemeat sausages and other horse products. The model was over 3.5 metres long, about 1.8 metres high, and it weighed about 120 kilos. The helicopter’s blades rotated and people proudly demonstrated them to a fascinated crowd and local chefs. People even took selfies with the helicopter. Experts measured the model to determine if it could be in a local book of records. No one was allowed to nibble on the sausages until the helicopter set the record. However, there was no plan to eat the helicopter; people were horsing around !
In September, a court of India stops a rule . The rule says that some women cannot go in temples . They are 10 to 50 years old. In Hinduism, women who menstruate are not clean and they cannot go in temples. After the change of the rule, many women try to go in one big temple. Some people stop them. Then, two 40-year-old women go in the temple with the policemen. The policemen protect them. In one town, women make a wall from their bodies. The wall is 400 miles long. The wall is a protest. The women protest because they do not like discrimination .	In September, a court in India stopped a rule which said that women of menstruating age (10 to 50 years old) could not enter temples. In the Hindu religion, women who menstruate are not clean and they cannot be part of religious rituals . Some people said that the court attacked the religion when it changed this rule. After the change of the rule, many women tried to enter one big temple, but protesters blocked them. However, two 40-year old women entered the temple with two police officers who protected them. In one town, women made a 400-mile wall from their bodies. They protested against discrimination .	In September, the Indian Supreme Court stopped a rule that said that women of menstruating age (10 to 50 years old) could not enter temples . In the Hindu religion, women who menstruate are unclean and cannot be part of religious rituals. Some people said that the Supreme Court attacked Hinduism by changing this rule. Since the change of the rule, many women attempted to enter one important temple, but protesters blocked them. However, two 40-year old women entered the temple with two police officers who protected them. In one town, women created a 400-mile human wall to protest against discrimination .
It rains a lot in a town in the USA. The sewer system is full of water. It cannot hold any more water. The water gets out of the system. It floods a hospital’s cafeteria . Tables and chairs break in the water, but no one is injured. People go up higher to be safe.	A US hotel’s security camera filmed the moment floodwater crashed through windows. Tables and chairs in the cafeteria were smashed , and people ran up a staircase. Nobody was injured, but the hospital dining room was damaged a lot. The local sewer system caused the flood. The sewer system was completely filled with water, and it could not hold any more.	Staff at a US hospital got a bit of a shock when their cafeteria was completely flooded. A wave of floodwater crashed through the windows of the Good Samaritan Hospital in Nebraska last week, sending people searching for higher ground. CCTV footage from the hospital captured the moment gallons of water swept in, smashing chairs and tables in its way, as staff and visitors watched on in horror from the staircase. According to reports, the local sewer system was ‘overwhelmed’ by storms on Friday and Saturday, which gave the town almost four inches of rain (10 centimetres). While no patients, staff or physicians were injured in this incident, the murky water may have caused substantial damage to the hospital dining area. The Good Samaritan Hospital, which uploaded the video to its Facebook page, said in the post that this was just a glimpse into the series of events that unfolded that day.
Martin Shkreli is from a pharmaceutical company . He raises the price of lifesaving drugs. People do not like him. He also commits fraud . He offers $5,000 online for Hillary Clinton’s hair. He is found guilty in the court of law. He can go to prison for 20 years.	Martin Shkreli is a controversial boss of a pharmaceutical company , who gained bad reputation after raising the price of lifesaving drugs at his company. Apart from the pricing scandal, he also committed fraud , and offered $5,000 online for Hillary Clinton’s hair. He was found guilty of those crimes and faces up to 20 years in prison.	Martin Shkreli, a controversial pharma CEO, gained notoriety for hiking the price of lifesaving drugs at his company. Unrelated to the pricing scandal, he was found guilty of securities fraud, and for offering a $5,000 bounty online for a strand of Hillary Clinton’s hair. He faces up to 20 years in prison at his sentencing, set for January 16th.
This news is about the sun. Scientists at NASA study it. They take a picture of it every eight hours. They do this for five years. They put these pictures together. They create a video like this. It is very interesting. It shows the sun’s corona. The corona is the circle of light around the sun. The scientists also study the sun’s energy. They study how it affects Earth .	NASA’s scientists took a picture of the sun every eight hours from June 2010 to February 2015. They put the pictures together and created a time-lapse video. Make sure to check it out! You can see how the sun hurls solar material into space. This material which stays around the sun is known as the corona . The scientists also studied the sun’s energy and its effects on earth.	NASA released a captivating time-lapse video showing some of the most memorable moments of the sun’s activity in the last 5 years. To make the footage, someone captured one frame of the sun every eight hours from June 2010 to February 8 th , 2015. Then NASA released the footage in honour of the Solar Dynamics Observatory’s fifth anniversary. The observatory’s aims are to improve our understanding of the sun’s energy and its effects on Earth and near-Earth space. Highlights of the footage include clouds of solar material being thrown into space and loops hovering in the atmosphere, which is known as the corona . Different colours in the video represent different wavelengths of extreme ultraviolet light , ultraviolet light and visible light which in turn correspond to solar material at different temperatures.
This news is from Japan. A student goes to school. He sees a salamander. It is really big. It walks down a footpath . It seems relaxed and not worried. The student films the salamander. He also calls the police. The police don’t do anything. They only watch the salamander. It returns back to the river. The salamander is not measured . We don’t know its length. Salamanders grow up to 150 centimetres. Most of them are between 60-70 centimetres. The student uploads his video on YouTube. Over 1.8 million people see the video.	A Japanese student walked on his way to school when he saw a giant salamander. It slowly and casually walked down a footpath. The student took a video of it and informed the police. They didn’t do anything. They only watched it go back to the river by itself. The salamander wasn’t measured, so its length remains a mystery. Japanese salamanders are on the Red List as a near-threatened species . They can grow up to 150 centimetres. Most found in the wild are between 60-70 centimetres. The student uploaded his video to YouTube. Over 1.8 million people have seen it so far.	A giant salamander slowly and casually walking down a footpath. A student in Japan found the metre-long amphibious creature on his morning commute to school. “I was just walking without really paying any attention to it but once I got close to it, it started to move. That’s when I realised it was this giant salamander and that’s how I discovered it.” After finding the huge Japanese giant salamander and taking a quick video of it, Yu informed the police who watched on, as the creature made its own way back to the river by itself. It wasn’t measured for length, so its exact dimensions remain a mystery. The Japanese salamander is on the International Union for Conservation of Nature’s Red List, as a near-threatened species. They can grow up to 150 centimetres. Most found in the wild are between 60-70 centimetres, according to Japanese environment agency data. The video of the salamander that Yu uploaded to YouTube has already received over 1.8 million hits and a flurry of comments comparing it to everything from Godzilla to Pokemon.
People in the US celebrate Veterans Day on November 11. They remember all the men and women who work in the military . Fred Lake is 88 years old. He is a veteran. A veteran means that a person works in the military in the past. His son and grandson are veterans, too. Fred has a dream. He wants to jump out of a plane. He speaks to his son about it for many years. His son does not agree . Then Fred watches a story on TV. The story is about grandmothers. They jump out of a plane. An organization helps them. This organization helps old people who have little money. The organization fulfils their dreams. The organization helps Fred. Fred, his son, and grandson jump out of a plane on Veterans Day. They spend only a few minutes in the sky. Happily, they will remember the day forever.	88-year-old Fred Lake had a dream. He wanted to jump out of a plane, and for many years, he tried to convince his son to do it with him. Then Fred saw a story on TV about grandmothers who jumped out of a plane and about an organization which helped them. This organization helped older people who had little money to fulfill their dreams. Fred called the founder of the organization, and the man agreed to help him. Then the day came. It was a special day for Fred. Two other men from the Lake family came with him  and they were all veterans . All three jumped together on Veterans Day, which is a special day when people in the US remembered all people who served in the military. Fred, his son, and grandson spent only a few minutes in the sky, but they said that they would never forget this day.	On Veterans Day, an organization dedicated to completing bucket list items on seniors´ lists helped Fred Lake jump out of a plane. The 88-year-old veteran jumped with his son and grandson, all three men in the Lake family who served in the armed forces. Fred Lake served in the Korean War, and he said he begged his son to go skydiving with him for the past seven years. He saw a story in the news about skydiving grandmothers and about an organization that offered bucket list wishes to low income seniors. Fred reached out to the organization’s founder who helped him achieve it with also his son and grandson. Despite a rainy day, the trio flew through the sky and landed within minutes. The trip was short to Earth; however, the memories will likely last a lifetime for this important day of remembering the armed forces.
Japan does not have kings or queens. It has emperors . Japan’s emperor is Emperor Akihito. He is old. He steps down . He steps down last Tuesday. He does this at an official ceremony . He says that he is lucky to be an emperor. He wishes good luck to his son. His son becomes the new emperor. He is Japan’s 126th emperor. His name is Naruhito.	Japan’s Emperor Akihito formally abdicated last Tuesday, and he became the first Japanese emperor to step down in centuries. His son, Crown Prince Naruhito, took over as the country’s 126th emperor. At the abdication ceremony, Akihito said that he was very lucky to be able to serve as the country’s emperor. He also wished his son’s era to be ‘a stable’ and good one. Japanese Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe, attended the ceremony. President Donald Trump will be the first foreign leader to meet with Japan’s new emperor on May 25th.	Japan’s Emperor Akihito formally abdicated last Tuesday, becoming the first Japanese monarch to step down in centuries. His son, Crown Prince Naruhito, took over as the country’s 126th emperor the following day. The former emperor’s title is now Emperor Emeritus – which means former emperor with honours. At the abdication ceremony on Tuesday, Akihito said that he considers himself ‘most fortunate’ to have been able to complete the duties of emperor with a ‘deep sense of trust and respect for the people’. He also wished his son’s era to be ‘a stable and fruitful one’. Japanese Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe, attended the ceremony, and the US President, Donald Trump, will be the first foreign leader to meet with Japan’s new emperor on a scheduled trip on May 25th.
This news is from Paris. There is an exhibition at a museum. There is a haystack in the museum. The president of the museum puts a needle in the haystack. An artist tries to find the needle. He is Italian. He has 48 hours to find it. This artist does strange things sometimes. For example, he was in a room with a cow for 24 hours.	An Italian artist tried to find a needle in a haystack . He doesn’t want to be called a “ performance artist”, but he has a history of doing strange things in the name of art. For example, he spent 24 hours in a room with a cow. The activity of finding the needle was, of course, part of an exhibition . It took place in Paris, and the artist looked for the needle for 48 hours. The president of the museum put the needle in the haystack. This artist says that there is more to the activity than you might think. The activity tries to explore the relationship between words and actions. It also contrasts the large with the extremely small.	An Italian artist has begun the arduous task of finding a needle in a haystack on a two-day art installation . New York- based Sven Sachsalber will spend 48 hours sifting through the immense  pile of hay at the Palais de Tokyo gallery in Paris, aiming to find a needle hidden in it by the gallery’s President. Whether it’s considered art or not is down to personal opinion, but the artist insists there’s more to the installation than first meets the eye . The display is said to explore the complex relationship between words and actions, juxtaposing metaphors for the immensely small and the incomprehensibly large and complex. “It’s like playing the lottery, you don’t know if you’re going to win or not. You hope you’re going to win otherwise why play the lottery? It’s the same thing here. There’s always hope. I hope I can find – even if it’s hard because it’s itchy, this hay, and I have it everywhere after a few hours, but it’s fun at the same time.” Although he avoids the label ‘performance artist’, Sachsalber has a history of displaying unusual, even dangerous, activities in the name of art. His escapades also include spending 24 hours in a room with a cow and climbing over gravestones pretending to be a squirrel.
A Chinese submarine is on its way to the Mariana Trench. The Mariana Trench is the deepest place on Earth. It is in the western Pacific Ocean. It is 10,971 meters deep. The submarine gets to the depth of 10,000 meters. It is an important moment for the crew. Three men are on the submarine. They want to explore the bottom of the sea. But it is not easy. The place is completely dark. No sunlight can get to such depth. The submarine must have very strong lights. The submarine has robotic hands. Robotic means that something has electronic parts. They are mechanical hands. The men control them. They make it possible to get stones and other interesting things from the bottom of the ocean.	China´s deep-sea submarine reached the world record depth of 10,000 meters. The manned submarine was on its way to the deepest point on Earth, the bottom of the Mariana Trench. It is 10,971 meters deep and it is located in the western Pacific Ocean. There are three men on the submarine, and they will explore the ocean floor. The crew uses robotic hands to get samples . They use high-quality cameras that livestream video back to the top of the ocean. The submarine has very bright lights that make it possible to see in places that are completely dark. There is no light at this depth, so the submarine is a green color which makes it visible.	China´s deep-sea manned submarine ´Striver´ has reached a new world record depth. The submarine reached the coveted depth of 10,000 meters on its way to the ocean´s deepest point, Challenger Deep, at 10,971 meters which is at the bottom of the Mariana Trench. The three oceanauts on board continued the dive until they reached the bottom of the trench in the Pacific Ocean. The submersible is equipped with high-beam lights and robotic arms that will gather samples and scour the ocean floor. Its live-stream cameras are capable of streaming footage of the dark depths back to the surface. Its green color was chosen in order to ensure that it was visible at depths that light could not reach.
This news is about a turtle. It has fractures on its shell . People find the turtle. They want to help it. They make the turtle a special wheelchair. The wheelchair is made of Lego. The turtle can move normally. Its shell can heal better, too.	People found a turtle in the USA that had multiple fractures to its shell. The Maryland Zoo and a Lego enthusiast helped it when they made the turtle a Lego wheelchair. It makes the turtle’s healing easier, and the little patient can normally move.	People found a turtle with multiple fractures on its shell, making healing difficult, but by working with a Lego enthusiast , the turtle received a custom wheelchair. The Lego frame sits on wheels which help the turtle get off the ground, and epoxy resin , surgical wire, and plumber’s putty holds all of it in place. The Maryland Zoo helped the injured wild Eastern Box Turtle recover while retaining its usual walking pace .
It is World Down Syndrome Day on Wednesday 21st. Fifty mums from Britain make a video. It is a carpool karaoke video. They sing with their children to the song ‘A Thousand Years’. They also sign the words to the song. The video marks the day. The mums hope that the video can change how people see others with Down syndrome.	It was World Down Syndrome Day on Wednesday 21st. Fifty mums from Britain made a special carpool karaoke video. In the video, the mums and their children sing to Christina Perri’s song ‘A Thousand Years’. They also sign the lyrics using Makaton, which is a sign language for hearing people with learning or communication difficulties. The video marked the day and the mums hope to change perceptions about people with Down Syndrome.	It was World Down Syndrome Day on Wednesday 21 st and to mark the day and help change perceptions about people with Down Syndrome, 50 mums across the UK made a special carpool karaoke video. The video, which has more than 3 million views, shows the mums and their children sing to Christina Perri’s song ‘A Thousand Years’. They also sign the lyrics using Makaton, which is a sign language for hearing people with learning or communication difficulties. The video is quite touching and even brought James Cordon, the host of Carpool Karaoke, to tears .
Simon Cheng is a former worker of the British Consulate in China. In August, Chinese police keep him for 15 days. The police say that Cheng wants sex for money. This is a crime in China. Cheng says that he does not do any crime. He says that the police torture him. They want information about the role of the UK in Hong Kong´s protests. China says that this is not true. A Chinese TV stations shows a video in which Cheng says that he is guilty . He says that he is sorry about it. Cheng complains about this. He says that Chinese police torture him to say something that is not true. He says that they break the law. Officials do not know where Cheng is now.	Simon Cheng is a former British Consulate worker who was detained in China for 15 days. This happened in August, and officials say that the reason is that he wanted sex for money, which is a crime in China. Cheng said that he did nothing wrong and that Chinese officials tortured him because they wanted to get information about the UK´s role in Hong Kong´s protests against the government. China says that this is not true. CGTN, the Chinese TV station licensed by the UK, broadcast a video in which Cheng says that he did it and that he is sorry about it. However, he says that officials tortured him to say this. Cheng is in hiding now, but he complained to the UK Office for Communications. He believes that it was wrong to broadcast the video.	In August, Simon Cheng, a former British Consulate worker from Hong Kong, was detained in China for 15 days on charges of soliciting prostitutes. Cheng said that he is innocent and that the police tortured him for information about the UK´s role in Hong Kong´s anti-government protests. China denies that, and the state media aired a video of Cheng´s forced confession . In the video, Cheng said that he is guilty, and he is determined to change. Cheng is in hiding now, but he filed a complaint with Britain´s Office for Communications. CGTN, the Chinese-run station which aired the confession, is licensed by the UK broadcast regulator. Cheng says that airing the confession violates the British Broadcasting Code, as well as the European Convention on Human Rights.
Nicolle Flint is an Australian politician . She is a young lady. She likes to wear nice clothes. Nice clothes are a part of her image as a politician. Last week, a journalist writes an article about Flint. The journalist writes bad comments about her work. However, the journalist comments on Flint´s clothes, jewelry and shoes. Flint is surprised. Flint says that the article is sexist. This means that somebody says bad things about women without a good reason. Flint posts a video on social media. She wears a bin bag or a trash bag in the video. Flint says that there is a lot of sexism in politics . Flint does not like it. It is not easy to be a woman politician.	Nicolle Flint is an Australian politician. Last week, she posted a video on social media in which she wore a bin bag or a trash bag. The video was a reaction to a newspaper article about her. In the article, a journalist criticized her work; however, more surprising were his comments on Flint´s clothes. The journalist wrote about Flint´s jewelry, as well as high heels and different colors of her blazers.  Flint called his comments ´ sexist garbage ´, and she wore a bin bag instead of her usual clothes. Flint said that it was more important what women thought rather than what they wore. She also said that she was tired of sexist comments about her.	Nicolle Flint, a member of the Liberal Party of Australia, posted a video on social media in which she responded to sexist remarks about her appearance. She called the remarks about her clothes “sexist garbage” and she dressed down wearing a bin bag or a trash bag. Flint revealed the new outfit choice in response to an article written by ABC columnist and broadcaster, Peter Goers. Goers was critical of political newsletters; however, he paid a lot of attention to Flint´s pearl jewelry, vast wardrobe and stiletto heels . He even listed the different colors of Flint´s blazers. Flint said that women in public should be judged on what they stand for and not on what they look like. Flint also recalled past experiences with sexism and misogyny in her career.
The whole world is fighting with the coronavirus. In many countries, people must wear masks on their faces. Masks help stop the movement of the coronavirus. However, some people do not like to wear the masks. They say that the masks do not help stop the coronavirus. A group of people walk through a store in Florida, USA. They do not wear masks. They shout at other people. They ask other people to take off their masks. They do it to protest against the government rules . Other people are confused . They do not understand the situation. The US president asks people to wear face masks. However, he has another opinion in the past. He refuses to wear a mask during a meeting with journalists. Now, he understands that masks are important.	The whole world is fighting with the coronavirus. In many countries, people must cover their faces and keep a distance from each other. However, some people are starting to get angry because they do not like to wear face masks for many weeks. They refuse to wear the masks. In a store in Florida USA, a group of people protested against face masks. They marched through the store, and they shouted at other people. They were not wearing face masks. Other people were very surprised when the protesters shouted at them to take their masks off. In the past, the US president did not want to wear a mask, and he refused to wear it during a meeting with journalists. However, he changed his opinion, and he urged people to wear masks in public and to keep a safe distance from each other.	A group of anti-mask protesters marched through a store in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The group of about a dozen anti-maskers was mostly young, and it included several children. Protesters urged confused shoppers to remove their face coverings on ´Burn Your mask Day´. The group marched through aisles of the supermarket shouting at people to take their masks off. In July, the US president urged citizens to wear masks in public and to follow social distancing rules. However, the statement was a complete turn from his previous rhetoric on mask usage. Previously, he refused to wear a mask and to put it on in front of the press because he did not want to be photographed wearing the covering. According to Johns Hopkins University, Florida has had 670,000 new cases of COVID-19 over the summer, and almost 13,000 people have died because of COVID-19.
A boy from Brazil steals things. He is around 15 years old. Later, he thinks about killing people. When he is 17, he kills. His first victim is a woman. He likes to kill. He kills for pleasure . He kills more and more people. His favourite victims are white women. He kills 42 people. Thirty-nine of them are women. Police catch the man. He tells them all about this. He also says that his wife knows about the murders .	A boy from Brazil started to steal things when he was 15 or 16. Then he started to have different thoughts, and he killed for the first time when he was 17. He felt the adrenaline rush from the kill and he liked it. He started to kill more people for the pleasure of it. His favourite victims were white women whom he strangled . The man killed 42 people. Thirty-nine of them were women. He is 26 years old now and police finally arrested him. He also said that his wife knew about the murders.	A man who could be one of Brazil’s most prolific serial killers has confessed to murdering 42 people over the past decade . Sailson Jose das Gracas aged 26 who was arrested on Wednesday told reporters at a police station in Rio that he killed for pleasure and the adrenaline  rush . “I’d kill just for the pleasure of it. I’d kill and then leave. I’d kill, stay there for a bit and then leave.” “I started robbing purses and things like that. Little things. I did petty theft, and as I got older, I started having different thoughts. My thoughts started changing. From stealing, I started thinking about killing. At 15, I robbed purses or 16. And then by the time I was 17, I killed the first person. I felt that adrenaline, the first woman.” His preferred victims were white females whom he said he strangled . Among the 42 victims, 39 are thought to be women. Police made das Gracas available for reporters to question in a Q&A session. That’s not uncommon in Brazil. He said his wife was aware of the murders.
This news is about animals. Not all animals are happy. Some must live with people. They must perform at shows. People like these shows. However, they don’t know everything about the animals. The animals often suffer . Some people are not nice to them. The animals are taken from their mothers. They are often lonely . This is a big problem. The animals must be helped.	Animal attractions are a part of many holidays. People like to ride on elephants or take pictures with tigers. However, tourists are largely unaware of what goes on behind the scenes. People often mistreat the animals. People take them from their mothers and keep them in isolation , so they are often lonely. A new global campaign talks about these problems and wants to help the animals.	On World Animal Day, some of the worst types of suffering endured by wild animals in the tourism industry have been exposed. From elephant rides to taking selfies with tigers and watching animals fight in a boxing ring, world animal attractions are currently part of too many holidays. Yet, tourists are largely unaware of the cruelty that goes on behind the scenes. That’s why a new global campaign to keep wild animals in their natural habitat has been launched. Tourists might think that watching animals perform tricks or walking with tigers does no harm, but the brutal truth is that cruelty and suffering is inflicted at every turn. From being taken from their mothers and being mistreated as they’re trained to give rides or perform in shows, and being kept in isolation, they’re unable to form natural social bonds. So, holidaymakers need to know the truth about what goes on behind the scenes.
This news is from China. A man goes in a gold shop. He tries on a necklace . This necklace is very expensive. It costs more than $3,000. A shop assistant tells the man to return it, but he does not. He starts to walk away. He then runs away. One shop assistant begins to chase him. He catches the man. Police arrive at the scene. They arrest him. He is 27 years old. He stole the necklace because he needed money.	A security camera video shows a man in a gold shop. He tries on a gold necklace which is worth over $3,000. A person in the shop asks the man to return it, but he starts to talk on his phone and walks to the door. He then runs out of the shop and the saleswoman chases him. Later, shop workers caught him with the help of passers-by . Police arrive at the scene and arrest him. He is 27 years old, and he tried to steal the necklace to pay off a gambling debt .	A man who attempted to steal a gold necklace from a jewellery store in China was arrested on Tuesday following a chase involving shop employees and local residents. This surveillance footage shows the man entering a gold shop at around 10.40 am and asking a saleswoman to let him try on a gold necklace worth over $3,000. When he was asked to take off the necklace and return it, the man began talking on his phone whilst walking towards the door. He then ran out of the shop and was chased by one of the saleswomen. The thief was caught by the store workers and passers-by whilst attempting to hail a taxi. Police eventually arrived at the scene and took the man into custody . The 27-year-old robbery suspect is a local resident who said he attempted the robbery to pay off a gambling debt.
Frank Rothwell comes from Oldham, UK. Rothwell is 70 years old. He rows across the Atlantic Ocean. He is the oldest person who does it. Rothwell starts on the Canary Islands on December 12, 2020. His journey is 4,800 kilometers long. It lasts more than 56 days. Rothwell is alone in his boat. His journey ends in Antigua and Barbuda. His wife waits there for him. Rothwell is happy. He trains 18 months for his journey. Rothwell´s brother-in-law dies from Alzheimer´s disease during the journey. Rothwell helps get 890,000 dollars for scientists who study Alzheimer´s disease. He says that it does not matter how old people are. They can always fulfill their dreams.	A 70-year-old, Frank Rothwell from Oldham, UK, became the oldest person who rowed alone across the Atlantic Ocean. Rothwell´s journey started on the Canary Islands on December 12, 2020. Rothwell rowed 4,800 kilometers in a boat called ´Never Too Old´, and he reached Antigua and Barbuda after 56 days, 2 hours and 41 minutes. He spent 18 months training and preparing, so he was very happy and excited when he finished his journey. Rothwell raised over 890,000 dollars for Alzheimer´s disease research, and he paid tribute to his brother-in-law who died from Alzheimer´s disease during Rothwell´s journey. He inspired other people to fulfill their dreams, and he helped spread information about the disease.	A 70-year-old man has become the oldest person to row across the Atlantic unassisted. Frank Rothwell from Oldham, UK, rowed solo 4,800 kilometers from Tenerife to Antigua and Barbuda. He set off from the Canary Islands on December 12, 2020, in a boat nicknamed ´Never Too Old,´ and the journey lasted 56 days, 2 hours and 41 minutes. Rothwell said that crossing the finish line was a completely euphoric moment, and he paid tribute to his brother-in-law who died from the Alzheimer´s disease during the journey. It took six weeks to row the Atlantic; however, the challenge itself took over 18 months of training and preparation. Rothwell raised over 890,000 dollars for Alzheimer´s Research UK, and he spread awareness and inspired people of all ages to take on their own challenges.
This news is from India. Thirty elephants pass through a tea plantation. Two elephants hit a wire by accident. The electricity kills them. People come to the elephants. They are sorry for them. They show respect. They put flowers on them. Animals often come into contact with people. People take up more and more land. There is less land for animals.	After passing through a tea plantation in Darjeeling, India, two elephants touched a wire which electrocuted and killed them. People came to the elephants and put flowers on them to show respect. The elephants died from hitting the high-voltage wire by accident. They were part of a herd of 30. As the human population grows, the animal’s natural  habitat gets smaller. Animals often come into contact with people and farming land in India.	After passing through a tea plantation in Darjeeling, India, two elephants struck a high-voltage wire which electrocuted and killed them. Crowds gathered around the corpses of the large mammals who lay on the ground side by side. Many locals adorned the dead elephants’ bodies with flowers as a mark of respect. People will conduct a post-mortem examination to confirm the exact cause of death. Local media reported that the elephants were part of a herd of 30 passing through the plantation. Increased human population and inhabitation of land in India caused the depletion of the elephant’s natural habitat, which often forces wildlife to stray into agricultural areas. Locals paid their final respects mourning the loss of two of the revered animals.
There is a refugee camp in Calais. Calais is in France. There are 7,000 refugees in the camp. They are leaving the camp. Around 1,500 people are already gone . They are going to different parts of France. The French give each refugee a map. France wants to demolish the camp. However, it must wait for 5,500 refugees to leave.	The mass exodus of refugees from the jungle camp in Calais is underway. More than 1,500 people have left so far, most of them willingly . The refugees are going to different parts of France, which are going to be home to them. Each refugee has a wristband, which said where they are going, and a map of France. The clean-up of the camp has begun, but another 5,500 people must leave before the bulldozers can come in.	The mass exodus of refugees and migrants from the so-called jungle camp in Calais is underway. The first buses have left for shelters around the country ahead of demolition of the notorious site. More than 1,500 people have left so far. Most of them willingly resigned to the jungle’s closure, but those who refused risked being arrested and deported. The clean-up of the camp has already begun, but the bulldozers are going to be called in only once all 7,000 people have left. Each refugee was given a wristband which said where he or she was going to be relocated, and a map to show him or her, the new home in France. One group of Ethiopians only agreed to leave on the insurance that they would end up together in the same city. There are many unaccompanied teenagers among the people, as well.
This happens in a Chinese city. A buffalo becomes loose . It runs in the streets. It damages cars. It injures fourteen people. One woman wears a red coat. She has a red bike, too. The buffalo attacks her a few times. The animal runs in the streets for 40 minutes. Police shoot the animal 10 times. It dies.	We don’t know how, but a buffalo in China became loose . It ran in the streets. It damaged vehicles and injured 14 people. One woman was wearing a red coat and had a red bicycle. The animal trampled her a few times. The buffalo ran through the streets for about 40 minutes before police officers killed it by shooting it 10 times.	A water buffalo has been on a rampage in China and injured 14 people, damaging vehicles in its path on Sunday. China Central Television showed this security camera footage of the animal running through the streets and chasing after people in the Sichuan Province of southwest China. The buffalo ran through the streets for about 40 minutes before police officers killed it by shooting it 10 times. It’s been reported that resident Liang Cuirong, who was wearing a red coat and happened to have a red bicycle, was trampled  repeatedly by the animal. The degree of seriousness of her injuries wasn’t reported. How the buffalo became loose on the streets of the city is still under investigation by local authorities.
ABBA sang a song in 1974. The band won a big prize. That was 40 years ago. One half of ABBA celebrates the anniversary now. A lot of people know ABBA. The members of ABBA are famous for their hits . However, it is not fast to make a hit. It takes some time. ABBA did not have a hit after hit after hit. Bjorn and Frida are two members of ABBA. They celebrate. People sing Happy Birthday for them.	One half of ABBA celebrated the 40 th  anniversary of its performance in 1974. The performance of the song “Waterloo” won ABBA a big prize. The band is known around the world for many of its hits. Bjorn is one of its members. He admitted that it was not all effortless . The band did not have a hit after hit after hit. It all happened over a long period of time. The band had a hit, then wrote another song, recorded it and released it. Bjorn and Frida went on stage to join in the celebration. The crowd sang Happy Birthday.	One half of ABBA celebrated the 40 th  anniversary of the performance that won them the Eurovision Song Contest. Bjorn and Frida turned out for an ABBA extravaganza on Monday on London’s South Bank to mark their success when Waterloo won the big prize in 1974. “We knew a bit about the business and the mix of the talents were probably a wonderful thing and also being couples, being together and explore that world, you know, it was a new, a new kind of thing for all of us.” The band is known around the world for a large number of hits, but Bjorn admitted it wasn’t all effortless . “And it happened over a quite a long period of time. I mean, we did not have a hit after hit after hit, we, we had a hit and then we wrote another song, recorded it and released it. It was like that. It seems today when you look back at it as though it was happening at the same time but it wasn’t.” The pair went on stage to join in the celebration, as the crowd sang Happy Birthday. “Happy birthday to you!”
This news is from the Netherlands. People in one town have a problem. Owls are attacking them! The people can protect themselves with umbrellas. People would like to catch the birds, but they need permission . The owls are protected species .	Owls attacked many people from a Dutch town in recent weeks. The latest victims are two members of a local athletics club. The birds are protected species , and you must have permission to be allowed to catch them. Until people catch the owls, people can protect themselves with umbrellas.	Residents in the Dutch town of Purmerend have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas at night to protect themselves from a recent spate of owl attacks. Many have come under attack from the birds in recent weeks with some ending up requiring treatment in hospital. Two members of the local athletics club were the latest to fall prey  to the bird on Tuesday. Victim Martin Berghraaf was given a tetanus injection following the bird’s attack. The local town councillor has said authorities were hoping to be permitted to catch the bird which is a protected species . The council said it was planning for a falconer to try to catch the owl so that it can be given quality care if and when it is caught.
Princess Charlotte was  born on 2nd May. Princess Kate is her mother. Kate takes photographs of her daughter. She releases the photos. People say that Kate likes taking pictures. It is her hobby.	The Duchess of Cambridge released two photographs of Princess Charlotte at six months old. Princess Charlotte was born on 2nd May. The Duchess herself took the photogtaphs at the family home in Norfolk earlier this month. Kate is reportedly a keen amateur photographer.	The Duchess of Cambridge has released two photographs of Princess Charlotte at six months old. The images show the young princess laughing while sat with her cuddly toy dog, and looking off-camera as something catches her eye. The official photographs were taken by the Duchess herself at the family home in Norfolk earlier this month. It’s the first time the young royal has been seen by the public since her christening at St Mary Magdalene church on the Sandringham Estate in July. Kate is reportedly a keen amateur photographer and previously captured these beautiful portraits of her two young children together when Charlotte was just a few weeks old. Princess Charlotte was born on 2nd May at the Lindo wing of St Mary’s Hospital in London. Her older brother Prince George was also born at the hospital. The Duchess of Cambridge recently lent her support to a fundraising appeal to upgrade and extend the hospital’s children’s intensive care unit.
People bring dogs to law courts in Sydney, Australia. The dogs help people relax. If people are not stressed, they can give true evidence . An Australian Attorney General believes this. Many people like the dogs.	An Australian Attorney General believes that people give more reliable evidence when they are unstressed. To reduce stress, dogs come to the law courts in Sydney. Many victims of crime have welcomed the scheme .	The Attorney General for New South Wales, Australia, believes that less anxiety means more reliable evidence, so dogs are coming to law courts in Sydney to reduce stress. The dogs are there for people giving evidence and many victims of crime have welcomed the scheme. People hope that the calming pooches could even improve the administration of justice .
Kitesurfers set a record in 2013. There were over 300 of them. They set the record because they were so many of them. This record is now broken. A large group of people break this record in Spain. The wind blew at 27 knots (50 kilometres per hour). This weather was very challenging . There were professionals and amateurs .	A kitesurfing armada broke a Guinness World Record in Spain. A strong wind blew at 27 knots (50 kilometres per hour) and created serious challenges for the kitesurfers. The large group of boarders was made up of professionals as well as amateurs. They set the new record for the largest en masse kitesurf. They beat the 318 kitesurfers who set the previous record in 2013.	A kitesurfing armada has broken a Guinness World Record in Spain. Participants in the ride gathered at the Best Pro Centre in Tarifa on the south coast from the early hours of the morning on Sunday the 31 st of August. A strong easterly wind, peaking at 27 knots (50 kilometres per hour), blew off the Levante, dominated the ride and created serious challenges for the boarders shoring up at the end of the course. Despite the wind, the army of boarders, made up of professionals and amateurs alike, went on to break the Guinness World Record for the largest en masse kitesurf, beating the 318 participants who took the record in 2013. Sir Richard Branson, who broke the record in March for the most people riding a single kitesurf board, was unable to attend the event but sent his support.
In England, a pygmy hippo is born. It is three weeks old. It is doing very well. It does not have a name. We do not know if it is a boy or a girl. People think that it is a boy, but we must wait. The hippo’s mother is a very good mum. She looks after the baby. She is very protective of it. Nobody can come close to the little hippo. In the wild , there are only 3,000 to 4,000 pygmy hippos.	Three weeks ago, a pygmy hippo was born in Bristol and it is doing very well. It does not have a name yet because people do not know if it is a boy or a girl. The staff of the zoo thinks that it is a boy. The little hippo’s mother is very protective of the baby. She does not let anyone close. However, she does a great job as a mum. There are only 3,000 to 4,000 pygmy hippos in the wild, so the new addition is great news.	Meet the latest addition to Bristol Zoo. The pygmy hippo was born there three weeks ago, and according to zookeepers, the little calf is doing very well. “We have a very protective mum here. Her name is Sirana. So she’s very protective of the calf. She doesn’t let us get all that close, but she’s doing an absolute perfect job of looking after it.” This birth is a particularly important addition to the zoo. They are an endangered species in their natural habitat in Africa. “And they’re facing lots of threats and are ranked 3,000 to 4,000 of them only in the wild, which is not very many compared to such a big animal, so it’s hugely important that we have a captive breeding program that can actually, you know, have a safeguard for the species and we can make sure that if their numbers continue to fall in the wild that that we do have them, in captivity, so we don’t lose all animals altogether.” Staff aren’t 100% sure whether the calf is a girl or boy – they’re thinking it’s a boy, so we’ll come up with a name for him in the next few weeks.
Apple customers say that there are problems with some of their phones. This happens when they install software updates to their iPhones. People say that Apple slows down the phones on purpose. They think that the company does this so people want to buy new phones. In 2017, Apple says that it slows down older phones on purpose. It does this because the phone batteries are old. The phone can shut down . However, Apple does not tell this to customers. Later, Apple says that customers can tell them if they want their phones to slow down. In court recently, Apple says that it will pay money to customers. It does not want more court costs. It can pay $310 million or up to $25 per phone.	Over the last few years, people said that Apple purposely slowed down its iPhones to encourage people to buy new phones. Customers said that there were problems after they installed software updates . In 2017, Apple said that it slowed down older phones on purpose because their batteries were old and the phones could shut down. However, Apple did not tell this to customers. Later, Apple said that customers could choose if they wanted their phones to slow down to keep pace with the updates. In court, Apple agreed to pay money to avoid more court costs over these problems. Apple can pay $310 million or up to $25 per phone.	Over the last few years, people have said that Apple purposely throttled its iPhones to encourage people to buy new devices. iPhone users said that there were performance issues after they installed software updates. In 2017, Apple admitted that it slowed down older phones so they would not shut down suddenly because of degrading batteries. However, Apple did not tell this to customers. In 2018, Apple said that customers could buy discounted battery replacements. Later, Apple added a feature to the iPhones that lets users choose if they want their devices to slow down as a result of the updates. In court, Apple agreed to settle to avoid court costs over these issues. Apple may pay $310 million or up to $25 per phone.
Gundam is a Japanese character . It is very popular in the 1970s. This year is the 40 th  anniversary of the TV series. The TV series is called ´Mobile Suit Gundam´. A company makes a robot from the TV show. The robot is very special. It takes six years to make the robot. It is very big. It is 59 feet tall. It weighs 25 tons. People make it from steel and plastic. The robot is in an amusement park in Japan. Last week, people test it. The robot moves its arm. It can put one knee on the ground. Gundam fans are very happy. They want to see the robot. They want to touch it. It is going to be possible in December 2020.	Gundam is a Japanese anime character that was very popular in the 1970s. This year, it is the 40 th anniversary of the TV series ´Mobile Suit Gundam´. Gundam Factory Yokohama made a robot to celebrate the anniversary, but it is not an ordinary robot. It is 59 feet tall, it weighs 25 tons, and it is made of more than 200 pieces of steel and special strong plastic. It took six years to build the robot. Last week, the robot made its first moves at an amusement park in Japan where it moved its arm and it kneeled . Fans will get a chance to see the robot in December 2020.	A super-sized version of a hugely popular 1970s anime character ´Gundam´ was built to mark the 40 th anniversary of the Japanese TV series ´Mobile Suit Gundam´. The 59-feet and 25-ton robot made its first moves at an amusement park in Japan where it took a knee, moved its arm, and gesticulated . The robot has been in the works since 2014, and it is the masterpiece of Gundam Factory Yokohama. It is made of more than 200 pieces that are a mixture of steel and carbon  fiber-reinforced plastic . It will allow fans to get up close and personal with the creation and learn about how it was created. The new attraction was due to open in October 2020; however, because of the coronavirus, visitors will have to wait a little longer.
The Boston Marathon is the world´s largest marathon. Every year, 20,000 runners take part. It happens in Boston, Massachusetts, USA. On 15 April 2013, a bombing attack happens during the Boston Marathon. Two bombs explode near the finish line. Two brothers prepare the attack. They use pressure cookers as bombs. The bombs kill three people. Hundreds of people are hurt. The brothers want to run away. Police kill one of them. However, the second man runs away. The police find him four days later. The man goes to prison. In 2018, a court sentences the man to death. Last week, a court decides that the sentence is not right. It is possible that some jurors are not fair. It is necessary to decide again. However, the court agrees with the first sentence.	On the 15 th of April, 2013, the Tsarnaev brothers carried out a bombing attack during the Boston Marathon. The brothers detonated two bombs near the finish line of the race. The explosion killed three people, and it injured hundreds of others. The police killed Tamerlan Tsarnaev; however, his brother ran away. The police found him four days later. In 2018, the court found Dzhokar Tsarnaev guilty, and sentenced him to death. Last week, a federal court found out that the trial was not right, and the court said that it was possible that some jurors were not fair. The court must decide again; however, the federal court said that the sentence should be similar.	A federal appeals court has overturned the death sentence of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, one of the two brothers responsible for Boston Marathon Bombing. The attack happened on the 15 th of April, 2013, when two homemade pressure cooker bombs detonated near the finish line of the race. Three people were killed and several hundred others were injured. Tsarnaev was convicted of 30 charges, including use of a weapon of mass destruction , and two months later, he was sentenced to death. Last week, the court said that the judge in his trial did not do a good enough job of screening jurors for potential biases . The court ordered a new trial to decide what punishment Tsarnaev should get. However, the judges made it clear that the man could be sentenced to death again.
Mount Everest is the highest mountain in the world. It is in the Himalayas in South Asia. It is on the border between China and Nepal. The official height of Mount Everest is 29,029 feet. Chinese scientists do work on Mount Everest. They check how deep the snow is. They watch the weather and wind. The team uses satellites to check the height of Mount Everest. The team hopes that the data helps protect the mountains. The team wants to find out more about glaciers . Glaciers are changing. This is because the planet is warming up. People must not climb Mount Everest this spring. The reason is the coronavirus. It is possible that the scientists are the only people on Mount Everest this year.	A team of Chinese scientists climbed the highest mountain in the world, Mount Everest. The scientists used satellites to measure the height of the mountain, and to check the mountain´s resources . Scientists did other research, too. They focused on the weather and wind, and they checked how deep the snow was. The information that they got will help protect the mountains and monitor  glaciers . Mount Everest is in the Himalayas, the mountains in South Asia, and the border between China and Nepal runs across Mount Everest. Both countries accept the official height of Mount Everest, which is 29,029 feet. Chinese scientists could be the only people who will get to the top of Mount Everest this year. China and Nepal canceled spring climbing season because of the coronavirus.	A team of scientists from China´s Ministry of National Resources have scaled Mount Everest as a part of a project to remeasure its height. China´s network of satellites is being used in the survey to determine the mountain´s current height and natural resources. The survey team is also collecting data on snow depth, weather, and wind speed to help glacier monitoring and natural protection. Chinese scientists are likely to be the only people to summit the world´s tallest mountain this year. Both China and Nepal canceled spring climbing season due to the coronavirus pandemic. Mount Everest is located in the Himalayas, and the China-Nepal border runs across its highest point. The current official elevation of 29,029 feet is officially recognized by both China and Nepal.
The hot dog is something typical of New York. One man says that it is like the Empire State Building or the Brooklyn Bridge. Those places are also very typical of New York. One brand of hot dogs is 100 years old. The brand celebrates its birthday. People use the hot dogs to make the longest line of hot dogs. They use 1,916 buns . This big hot dog is 292 metres long. This is 34 metres longer than the second longest hot dog. The second longest hot dog is made in Tokyo.	The hot dog is something very typical of New York. One man compared it to the Empire State Building or the Brooklyn Bridge. One brand of hot dogs is celebrating its 100th birthday. People set a new world record for the longest continuous line of hot dogs by using this brand. They laid out 1,916 buns in total. All of it was 292 metres long. People made the second longest hot dog in Tokyo. This new hot dog is longer by 34 metres.	One man said that Nathan’s Hot Dogs is like the Empire State Building or the Brooklyn Bridge. They are all something very typical of the New York City. New York’s famous hot dogs have been celebrating 100 years of history and in no ordinary fashion. People made a world record attempt for the longest continuous line of hot dogs by laying out Nathan’s Hot dogs. They laid out 1,916 buns in total, which was stretching to an impressive 292 meters. People set the previous record in Tokyo by 34 metres.
Caminito del Rey was a walkway. It was in Spain. It was on a rock wall. It was three feet wide (0.9 metres). It was 100 feet (30 metres) above the ground. This pathway was not safe. Five people fell and died. People closed the pathway. They closed it in 2001. People made the pathway better. It took them four years. The pathway opened on March 28th. It is safe now. You can visit it.	Caminito del Rey, which is also known as the world’s deadliest walkway, is a narrow walkway in Spain. King Alfonso XIII opened it in 1921, and it is located on the steep walls of a gorge . It was closed in 2001 after five people fell to their deaths in less than two years. The walkway underwent years of repair work, and people reopened it on March 28th. The three-foot-wide (0.9 metres) pathway, which hangs over 100 feet (30 metres) above the ground, is much safer now. This, however, might not be good news for risk-takers.	It is known as the world’s deadliest walkway, and it’s set to reopen to the public this week, after undergoing years of repair work to fix deteriorating pathways. Officially known as Caminito del Rey, the narrow walkway is located on the steep walls of a gorge in Ardales near Malaga in Spain. It’s been partially closed since 2001 when authorities decided to shut the entrances after 5 people fell to their deaths in less than two years. Over the years, Caminito del Rey has earned a deadly reputation and has become a hot spot for risk-takers. It’s a famously treacherous path built high above the Guadalhorce River and was opened by King Alfonso XIII in 1921. After an extensive refurbishment , the three-foot-wide (0.9 metres) pathway which hangs over 100 feet (30 metres) above the ground will open on March 28th. Some adventurers, though, might be a little disappointed to find out that the new Caminito del Rey is much safer after its renovation. It now has new safety features , including handrails, wood-paneled paths and the skywalk.
Hoverboards are popular. People want them for Christmas. However , they are not safe. In the UK, people test around 17,000 hoverboards. 15,000 of them are not safe. They can catch on fire or even explode! In October, there are three house fires. Hoverboards cause the fires. Fire officers warn people about this.	Hoverboards are one of the most popular Christmas gifts, but many of them are dangerous. In the last two months, people tested 17,000 hoverboards in the UK and found that 15,000 of them were unsafe. They were unsafe because they included safety issues with the plugs, cabling, chargers and batteries. The boards can catch fire or even explode. Hoverboards caused three house fires in London in just 10 days in October. Fire officers are warning people about the possible dangers.	Hoverboards are tipped to be one of the most popular Christmas gifts, but fire officers have issued warnings about the dangers of hoverboards, advising people not to buy them as Christmas presents. They say they could overheat, explode or catch fire. Three house fires in London were caused by hoverboards in just 10 days in October. In the last two months, trading standards have examined 17,000 hoverboards at ports of entry across the UK, and of those, 15,000 were assessed as unsafe. Eighty-eight per cent of all those checked were faulty . They included safety issues with the plugs, cabling, chargers, batteries and the cut-off switch within the board. They are the gadgets  gliding to the top of the Christmas wish list but safety officers are encouraging people to heed the warnings about their possible dangers.
Linda Evangelista comes from Canada. She is a supermodel in the 1990s. A supermodel is a very famous model. A model is a person who wears things for advertisements. Evangelista undergoes several surgeries between 2015 and 2016. She wants to look slimmer and prettier. Something goes wrong. Some parts of her body swell . She changes. She is not pretty anymore. Doctors cannot help her. Evangelista loses her job. She cannot work as a model anymore. She stays in her home all the time. She does not want to talk to anyone. She has depression . Evangelista goes to court. She wants 50 million dollars from the company which does the surgeries. She says that the company does not tell her about the dangers of the surgeries.	In the 1990s, Linda Evangelista was a very popular supermodel, and people saw her pictures on magazine covers . Last week, the Canadian model said on her social media that she had several surgery treatments between 2015 and 2016. Plastic surgeons removed fat on some parts of her body, but the surgeries had problems. The woman´s body swelled , and she did not look as pretty as before. She could not do her job anymore, and she suffered from depression. She did not want to leave her home or see other people. Evangelista sued the company 50 million dollars. She said that the company did not tell her about the possible problems, and they did not help her fix the problems which she had after the surgeries.	Former supermodel Linda Evangelista filed a 50-million-dollar lawsuit over cosmetic procedures that she said left her brutally disfigured and turned her into a someone who stays away from other people. In the 1990s, the Canadian model was one of the most famous people to be in modeling and on magazine covers. Last week, she said on social media that she had done treatments for fat reduction five years ago on her thighs, abdomen, back, and chin. She said that she suffered a rare side effect called paradoxical adipose hyperplasia after the procedures. This side effect causes people to develop swelling in the areas that were treated. Evangelista admitted it destroyed her livelihood, as she hadn´t earned anything from modeling since 2016, and it sent her into deep depression. Evangelista filed the lawsuit against company Zeltiq Aesthetic for negligence , misleading advertising, and saying that the company failed to warn customers of the possible side effects.
This news is from Nebraska, USA. Two tornadoes hit the state. Locals must go away. The tornadoes destroy half of one town. They destroy some farms, too. One person dies. Sixteen people are injured . The winds inside the tornadoes are very fast. Their speeds are 165 miles per hour (266 kilometres per hour). The state is in danger . Police close roads which are not safe.	Two huge tornadoes connected in Nebraska, USA. They evacuated local residents. Half of one town received heavy damage. The tornadoes destroyed a few farms, too. At least one person died. Sixteen people were injured. The tornadoes were packed with winds of up to 165 miles per hour (266 kilometres per hour). Nebraska declared a state of emergency officially. Police closed all roads to the damaged area.	At least one person has died and 16 injured after a rare twin tornado ripped through northeast Nebraska. The National Weather Service said two tornadoes touched down within a mile of each other, directly hitting the town of Pilger. Local residents were evacuated after homes and buildings were stuck in the centre of one twister . Half the town was heavily damaged and several farming communities nearby have also been destroyed. “Just massive !” The tornadoes, part of a super-cell thunderstorm system, appeared to be class EF-2 or EF-3 twisters, meaning they packed cycling winds of up to 165 miles per hour (266 kilometres per hour). “That is violent. “Yeah, they’re both violent.” “They’re merging ! They’re going to merge!” The Nebraska Governor has now declared a state of emergency and police have closed all roads around Pilger.
In September 2019, workers find a bomb in Poland. The bomb is six meters long. It weighs 5.4 tons. It has a nickname called ´Tallboy´. The British army drops the bomb on a German ship during World War II. Workers find the bomb in a canal near the Baltic Sea. They want to make the canal deeper. The bomb is dangerous. It can explode . It is necessary to disarm the bomb. Divers want to make the bomb safe. They want to take out about 2.5 tons of chemicals from it. About 750 people must leave the area. Cars cannot drive near the place. The bomb explodes. Nobody is hurt.	In September 2019, workers found a bomb in a Polish canal near the Baltic Sea. The British army dropped the bomb called ´Tallboy´ on a German battleship during World War II. The bomb weighed 5.4 tons, it was six meters long, and it carried 2.5 tons of explosives . Workers found it during works to deepen the canal. It was necessary to disarm the bomb, but it was a dangerous operation . Officials created a 2.5-kilometer security zone, and they evacuated around 750 people. Divers had an idea to burn out the explosives in the bomb, but the bomb exploded during the operation. Officials said that nobody was hurt.	A massive 5.4-ton bomb that was found in a Polish canal exploded as it was being disarmed by naval divers. The six-meter explosive device that was nicknamed ´Tallboy´ was dropped by the RAF during a 1945 raid on a German battle cruiser. In September 2019, it was rediscovered in a busy navigation canal between the Oder river and the Baltic Sea during work to deepen the waterway. Around 750 civilians had been evacuated from the area before the high-risk operation. A 2.5-kilometre security zone had been established in the area, and all traffic in the port had been suspended. Navy divers intended to neutralize the bomb by burning out its 2.5 tons of explosives using a remote-controlled device; however, the bomb went off. No divers were hurt, and officials said that there had been no damage to people´s health or buildings.
In 1989, students protest at a square in Beijing, China. The protests last three weeks. The Chinese government stops the protests. Soldiers and tanks arrive at the square. They kill thousands of people. Every year, people in Hong Kong remember this horrible event. People come to the square. They light candles. They pray for the dead people. However, the Hong Kong police cancels the event this year. The police say that it is not safe because of the coronavirus. Some people believe that there is another reason. Last week, the Chinese government makes a new law. This law makes it harder to get rid of the Chinese government in Hong Kong. Many people do not agree with the law. Protests start in Beijing. Some people think that the police is afraid of protests at the square.	In 1989, students protested at the Tiananmen Square in Beijing, China. The protests lasted almost three weeks; however, soldiers stopped them. Soldiers and tanks shot at protesters, and several thousand people died. Every year, people in Beijing remember this horrible event. People light candles at the square and pray for the people who died. However, Hong Kong police canceled this year´s event. The police said that the reason was the coronavirus. However, some people believe that the reason is different. Last week, the Chinese government approved a new law. This law gives the government more power to stop activities that can remove the Chinese government in Hong Kong. Some people think that the police wanted to stop possible protests against the law.	The Tiananmen Square protests were students-led demonstrations held in Tiananmen Square in Beijing, China, in 1989. The protests started on April 15, and they were forcibly stopped on June 4, when troops and tanks fired at the protesters. It is estimated that several thousand people died in the massacre . For the first time in 30 years, an annual vigil for victims of the event will not be held in Hong Kong. Hong Kong police said that the decision to cancel the event was due to concerns that the gathering would increase the spread of the coronavirus. Last week, Beijing approved a new national security law, which gives the government more power to suppress activities that could lead to overturning the Chinese government in Hong Kong. Some critics said that the coronavirus was an excuse to avoid possible protests against the new law.
Workers start to build the longest footbridge in 2016. They finish it last week. It costs 2.8 million dollars. The footbridge is in northern Portugal. It hangs 175 meters above the River Paiva. It is in beautiful nature. There are many waterfalls and green hills. The footbridge is 516 meters long. 100 people can be on the bridge in one moment. The first visitors walk across the bridge last week. They are afraid at first. Then they enjoy the walk. The bridge has a transparent bottom. Transparent means that people can see through it. The bridge is not good for people who are scared of heights . When people walk on the bridge, they can feel that it is moving.	In 2016, workers started to build the longest footbridge in the world, and last week, it finally opened. The footbridge is in northern Portugal, and it hangs 175 meters above the River Paiva. It is 516 meters long and it takes 10 minutes to walk across it. 100 people can be on the footbridge at the same time, and they can enjoy the beautiful scenery with many waterfalls and green hills. Not all people like the footbridge because the bottom is transparent and they can see the river below. The first visitors said that they were a little afraid to walk across the footbridge, but the experience was very special, and they enjoyed it in the end. The bridge consists of large pillars and steel  cables , and it cost 2.8 million dollars.	The world´s longest suspended footbridge has just opened in northern Portugal. The Arouca Bridge is 516 meters, and it hangs above the River Paiva, and the area is renowned as a natural paradise with its many waterfalls and green hills. The new bridge is made of steel cables that narrow slightly in the middle and they hang between two immense concrete pillars. The bottom is transparent and although not everyone will enjoy that, visitors can also see through the steel on the sides which gives the bridge a completely open character. It takes at least 10 minutes to walk across, and up to 100 walkers will be allowed to cross it at the same time. However, the footbridge is not for the faint-hearted because it´s 175 meters above the ground.
Last weekend, a big storm hits the UK. Wales and Southern England have a lot of problems. There is heavy rain. There is more rain in two days than in the whole month. Many rivers overflow . The water gets into houses. Thousands of people must leave their homes. They go to a safe place. They must wait for better weather. Four people die in the storm. The situation is serious. Officials warn people that more floods can come. Officials close many roads. People have problems to travel and to get to work.	A heavy storm hit the UK last weekend. It caused the worst damage in Wales and Southern England. In only two days, more rain fall than it usually falls in one month. Many rivers reached very high levels. The storm brought very bad weather and heavy floods, and it killed four people. A woman died in her car. The car could not move, and floodwater took the car away. Authorities evacuated thousands of people from their homes. The situation is dangerous, and water levels of some rivers can continue to rise. Travel across the country is difficult, because officials closed some roads and travel lines.	In some areas of the UK, as much as one month´s rainfall fell over the weekend. Storm Dennis has brought severe weather, and it has taken the lives of four people. A woman died when her car became stuck, and floodwater swept the car away . Heavy rainfall caused severe flooding in Wales and Southern England. Many rivers reached their highest levels that were ever recorded, and thousands of people have been evacuated. Flood warnings across the Severn River remain as water levels are expected to keep rising. Travel across the country continues to be disrupted across the UK, and some major roads and travel lines are closed.
Twitter is a social media platform . In 2006, four people start Twitter. One of them is Jack Dorsey. In 1976, Jack Dorsey is born. He is American. In 2008, he becomes the Twitter CEO . He is a billionaire . He is a philanthropist, too. A philanthropist is a person who gives a lot of money for other people. Last week, Dorsey says that he is done as Twitter’s CEO. The new CEO will be Parag Agrawal. Since 2011, he works at Twitter. Dorsey says that he will be a good boss. Dorsey will still help Twitter until 2022.	Jack Dorsey is an American internet entrepreneur and philanthropist . He was born in 1976, and he helped start the social media platform Twitter. In 2006, Dorsey and three other people created Twitter, and he became the company’s boss two years later. Last week, he said that he was stepping down , but he would work for Twitter until 2022. Dorsey said that it was time to stop, and he also said that the new CEO would be Parag Agrawal. Since 2011, Agrawal worked at Twitter as the Chief Technology Officer. Dorsey said that Agrawal would be a good boss.	Jack Dorsey, an American technological entrepreneur and philanthropist , is stopping his job as Twitter’s CEO, giving control of the microblogging site that he helped start and built into a global communications platform. Despite being widely used, Twitter has struggled to keep up with other social media platforms. Dorsey will help at the San Francisco company until his term ends in 2022. In a statement, Dorsey said that the company was ready to change from the people who started it. Parag Agrawal, Chief Technology Officer who joined Twitter in 2011, was promoted to CEO. Dorsey said that Parag´s work over the past 10 years had been transformational , and he trusted Parag and his skills. It was his time to lead.
The Big Wave Tour is a surfing competition . It consists of 6 events. These events take place until February. There must be big waves for the events. They must be at least 6 metres high. The first event takes place in Mexico. Twelve surfers are successful.	Twelve surfers successfully took on the giant waves of the “Big Wave Tour Puerto Escondido Challenge” in Mexico and advanced to the semi-finals. The Puerto Escondido Challenge is the first event of the Big Wave Tour which consists of 6 events. The events will take place through February of next year. This is a “big wave” tour, so an event can take place only if the waves are at least 6 metres high.	Catching a wave and catching a break. Twelve surfers advance to the semi-finals after successfully taking on the giant waves of the Big Wave Tour Puerto Escondido Challenge in Mexico. Competing against each other and nature, the surfers grappled with the huge waves and it was Americans Will Skudin, Makuakai Rothman, Greg Long, and Australian Jamie Mitchell who topped the score sheets of the six-man heats . Mitchell recorded the highest single wave score of the day with a perfect 10 after surviving a barrel ride through one of the mighty waves. The Puerto Escondido Challenge is the first event of the World’s Surf League Big Wave Tour, which consists of 6 events that will take place through February of next year. And riding those surfs is no mean feat – waves must reach at least 20 feet (6 metres) in height for an event to take place. That’s got to take some guts .
In Paris, a company creates chocolate clothing. Models wear this clothing at a fashion show. The show is part of a chocolate fair. The fair takes place every year. People say that this is the biggest chocolate faierr in the world. People come from all over the world to see it. Chocolatiers come to this fair. Confectioners also come. Pastry chefs come, too. In the movie ‘Forrest Gump,’ Forrest Gump says that, ‘Life is like a box of chocolates’. Now we know that fashion shows are like boxes of chocolates, too!	Salon du Chocolat created chocolate clothing, and models then wore the clothing at a fashion show in Paris. The fashion show is part of a chocolate fair which takes place every year. People say that it is the largest chocolate fair in the world. Chocolatiers , pastry chefs and confectioners come from all over the world to the fair. In the movie ‘Forrest Gump’, Forrest Gump said that, ‘ Life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you’re going to get ’. Fashion shows seem to be like boxes of chocolates, too!	Salon du Chocolat created clothing made of chocolate and models wore the creations at a fashion show in Paris which was part of an annual chocolate fair. People say that the fair is the largest chocolate fair in the world. Chocolatiers , pastry chefs and confectioners come from across the world to this fair. In the movie ‘Forrest Gump’, the main character said that, ‘ Life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you’re going to get ’. Clearly, fashion shows can be like boxes of chocolates, too!